is not Boris Karloff.the Big Bad is actually the manager of the hotel where the film takes place, not Boris Karloff's character.the mail hook of a train catching him by the neck.a friendly gorilla gives Costello the diamonds and makes him filthy rich, and Abbott ends up working as his elevator operator If you listen to Prometheus, this is because they were designed to be weapons. They can't help killing everything in sight that isn't them, it's what they're for.is a particularly sinister example, since he secretly protects the alien and betrays the other crew members.Newt AKA Billierevealed to be a artificial person with implanted memoriesuntil the Predator Self-Destruct Mechanism kicks in.Newt is the only one to survive the colonists' last stand at LV-426, and is forced to go into hiding and foraging by herself after watching her mother and brother get massacred by the xenomorphs right in front of her.all the Marines are androids.Ripley is carrying a Xenomorph embryo.Analee CallAsh, Bishop and Call because they are all androidshe was basically the creator of the Bible from the first movie.Finchthe aforementioned mother of Steve Stifler near the end when all four of the boys get laid after promSteveFinchStifler's momStiflerFinchGuess how Finch ends up losing his virginity?I stuck a flute in my pussy. I stuck a flute in my pussy."the "lesbians" reveal they aren't lesbians after all, an intrigued Stifler says that he'll do anything to sleep with them, including grabbing other guys' asses and making out with everybodyIt's Jeanine.StiflerFinch.Grandmother Fucker During the reunion, Nadia accidentally walks in on Jim and Michelle having sex in the music room.Jim and Michelle have one in the music room after making up with each other.Some younger guys on the beach steal bikini tops. The gang chases them. Stifler then destroys their jetskis. That adds up to about $25,000 damage.Stifler.finally gets revenge on Finch for sleeping with his mom when he just so happens to meet Finch's attractive mother.No wonder he goes back to Heather.He is finally accepted by the guys as one of their own near the end of the movie when they realize that, even though Stifler is a dick, he's a "fun dick", and "their dick."JessicaHappens when Stifler finally decides he's had enough of his Bad Boss and gives him a brutal "The Reason You Suck" Speech. Doubles as a Crowning Moment of Awesome for Stifler.sheep costume, and proceeds to make him ejaculate, losing the Greek Olympiad.it blew up at the end of Amityville 3-D.blowing itself up.He goes further than any villain previous and burns the village down. Fortunately Caesar rebuilds it out of honor and gratitude.Cacofonix is rewarded for his actions in recalling Asterix, Obelix and Getafix to the village with being allowed to attend the banquet albeit next to Fulliautomatix, who is seemingly warning him not to perform as he might wake Getafix who is sleeping under Cacofonix's usual spot after a rare involvement in battle. This album also reveals that Cacofonix is kept around because he is very useful in sending distress signals whenever the village is in danger and the Druid is not present. This may explain why the villagers are so protective of him.Admiral Crustaciusthe antagonist unambiguously dies the Romans burn the village and nearly send all its inhabitants to the circus, then proceed to get drunk celebrating their victoryIn the Asterix and the Black Gold, Asterix goes on a quest in the Middle East to find rock oil, an important and crucial ingredient for the magic potion. After weeks of travel, he and Obelix finally return with the precious oil, but Roman agent Dubbelosix spilled the oil in the sea and secretly informed Caesar that the village couldn't produce magic potion anymore. Our worried heroes return to the village and are surprised to see the Romans being routed by magic potion powered villagers. Getafix explained that during their quest, he conducted experiments and found that beetroot juice perfectly replaces rock oil. brothersThough he's not so evil in the end. (until the third film)and we later find out that that was the night Dr. Evil and Frau conceived him, Dr. Evil, and Fat Bastard, as well.Alotta Fagina takes Vanessa hostage while Austin almost gets a chance to bring Dr. Evil to justice, who was resigned to capture but undaunted because he believes Austin would be forced to deal with how the 1960's ethos is outdone by the 1990's ethos and that freedom has failed anyway. This gives Dr. Evil a chance to escape despite the failed intervention by Number Two and that Vanessa managed to knock Alotta out and escape with Austin, not to mention Alotta most likely didn't wake up on time to escape.Played straight in the third film, when it's revealed Austin and Dr. Evil are brothers Later it turns out she really is Scott's mom. Austin dancing to Soul Bossa Nova. Vanessa being a Fembot...until he realizes this means he's single again. OH BEHAVE! [cue Soul Boss Nova again!] drive a temporary wedge between Austin and Vanessaof them finding out that they do have something in common - a father - at the end of the moviehis other son, Dr. Evil being caught in the first act, before even getting started on his Evil PlanLuckily for Dr. Evil, Alotta Fagina arrives holding Vanessa hostage. This gives Dr. Evil a change to escape after a failed intervention by Number Two. Vanessa being a fembotGoldmember Mr. Roboto get eaten by sharks. Too bad his dad becomes Good. You both are.Lex Luthor is behind the government turning its back on Gotham City. With no government in the city, Luthor plans on destroying all records of land ownership, to claim the city as his own but fails when Batman stops him (though he is unable to prove to the world what Lex did)the Riddlera resurrected Jason ToddBruce Wayne's childhood friend, Thomas Elliot, who has decided to harbor a deep hatred over Bruce's "gifted childhood" (AKA the dead parents)Jason ToddJason returned from the deadBatman replaced him and didn't kill his "killer"his adopted son and former wardWar Crimes was erased from canon and replaced with a scenario where Thompkins, with Batman's permission, faked Stephanie's death to protect her from further reprisals from Black Mask.Bruce Wayne is dead, and a great void has been created in Gotham City. A war on two fronts has started that the Bat-Family must deal with: the recently escaped Rogues Gallery from Arkham, along with the various gangs and factions trying to claim Gotham as their own; and the appearance of a mysterious masked "Batman", who holds no qualms for murder (eventually revealed to be Jason Todd). After attempting to kill both Tim Drake and Damian Wayne, Jason fights Nightwing, and is defeated. Dick takes over the mantle of the Bat, and Damian becomes the new Robin while Tim heals from his injuriesThe title says it all. Until it happens, we're treated to Bruce Wayne's displaced adventures in time, where he suits up in period-specific Bat-costumes and fights pirates and cavemen and stuff, due to continually being shunted around the timestream. Oh, and Superman says his return will bring about the end of the world...The culmination of the Batman: Reborn storyline. Vicki Vale seeks to reveal the identities of the Bat-Family to the world, but Ra's ah Ghul refuses to let her do so and seeks to kill her. The Bat-Family, the GCPD and the returned Bruce Wayne must protect her and convince her that what she's doing is wrong.the ScarecrowThe Joker'sDeath Of The Family.Penguin finds himself Batman's informant - whether he likes it or not.Somewhat controversial for having the death of Wayne's parents being an assassination of his mother by the same ring, a generation earlier.and furthering his quest to gather the Justice League in The Stinger. and later successor Batman's supposed demise Subverted when he reveals that he really did commit the crime for which he was condemned, just before he finally passes out and dies when the rubble falls on top of him. Coincidentally right when he was scheduled to be put to death. Hush make Batman hallucinate into thinking a Zombie Apocalypse had started, when in fact, the "cure" he tried to trick Batman into using, was actually the real Zombie virus. and only returns to something resembling normality (for Gotham) once Dick accepts that there must be Batman (and he's it). apart from being a Take That at people who wanted a Darker and Edgier BatmanIt turns out to be the wrong half, the real Harvey Dent was the scarred out part of his face, representing his guilt and self-loathing(Most of the time.)/Thomas WayneHush, DeadshotRed Hood II, CatwomanThomas Elliot tried to kill his parents at a young age in order to inherit their riches and because his father was an abusive monster and his mother a simpering money hungry lunatic. He only succeeded in killing his father, and, to avoid suspicion, didn't try again, only truly being orphaned when he smothered his raving senile mother in a fit of anger. This left him with a bitter hatred of Bruce, who tragically lost his parents soon after Tommy tried to kill hishe joins the Riddler (who discovered that Bruce was BatmanTommy The Penguin. In most versions his father dies of bronchial pneumonia, but in Penguin: Pain and Prejudice His father's behavior and commentary eventually pushed him too far, and he murdered Tucker Cobblepot, leaving him alone with his mother. The only one that showed any signs of loving him his heart was broken is not an alias of Ra's al GhulThe JokerBatman fakes his deathBatman gets involved with Talia Al GhulBane and Talia working togetherBatman BeyondA younger man prepped to take Batman's mantle after he resigns towards the end fusion reactors!!a.k.a Henri DucardTalia al Ghulwe barely know that Gordon got shot by Bane's mooks until he's seen still in the hospital weeks later.out of Gotham and presumed dead, although his prospects at the end are considerably betterDr. Varnick's goons flee the dogs, they take cover in a big junkyard, occupied by four big dobermansTedhave Beethoven put downWhile driving Beethoven to be put down, George tells him how he hated his own dad for taking his dog away.Dr. Varnick gets this visited upon him by another dog.he is still bitter because of his father taking his old family dog to the vet to be euthanized, and regrets that he thought he had to do the same to Beethoven (and having the same resentment from his own kids). Thankfully, as soon as he realizes that Dr. Varnick is corrupt, he does everything possible to save Beethovenpumped full of his own chemicalsmauled by Dobermansthey just tried to take shelter in a junkyard...one patrolled by some very vicious DobermansGeorgeabout to be shottricking her to go to the meadow at the top of the cliff by blocking off certain other pathways ChandlerBogomill breaks it up by entering the scene, giving her an opportunity to break free and giving the two cops a clear shot. Nomak's death in Blade II. "Strange. It hurts, it hurts no more."Vanessa dying from her vampire inflicted wound while giving birth to Bladethat his mother is still alive after the vampire in question turned her, and it was actually Deacon Frost, the bad guy he had been pursuing the entire film not really an assassin, but a deep-cover CIA operative posing as one to bring down an assassin becomes a close friend and ally of Bourne's Ward AbbottConklin Marie (a character who survived the entire book series Danny Zorn, Conklin's right-hand man and one of the few surviving Treadstone agents, is murdered by Ward Abbott. Abbott is later exposed as a murderer and traitor and commits suicide.Simon Ross (played by notable actor Paddy Considine) Neal Daniels is set up to be the man who could answer Bourne's questions, but is blown up.Nicky Parsons, after having been in the series since the very first one, Identity, finally bites it.Bourne and Pamela Landywhich gets her killed by the same CIA asset that killed Bourne's father the Asset uses a stolen SWAT vehicle to PLOW through Las Vegas traffic. is averted when Ross deviates from Bourne's instructions and in a panic, rushes into the open, prompting a headshot from an awaiting sniper.but he can't bring himself to kill a father while his kids are watching.meaning if he had killed Wombosi, said children would have been next.Pamela Landy's switch from hunting Bourne to helping him and blowing the whistle on Operation Blackbriar.she blows the whistle on Operation Blackbriar in the latter film.If you were in your office, we'd be having this conversation face to facean experienced soldier who volunteers for a CIA black ops job Bourne's unofficial first mission consisted in the assassination of a progressive Russian politician. This makes her a subject to a criminal investigation in Legacy, because, after all, those documents are classified.Nicky ParsonsMarie gets shot while driving, taking their jeep off the bridge to the water belowhe falls into the water after apparently being shot, mirroring his first appearance. ol' Bugsy is the driving forced behind the events of it.George Washington Bunnywith his own demise. The cat then phones asking for a new butlerdrifting and backwards driving from Doc and Mater, respectivelythe Radiator Springs crew all use their skills to curbstomp a band of Mooks practically screams Plot Tailored to the PartyAlso don't get us started on his Batman Gambit and analytical skills.Especially when many of the Mooks turn out to be Lemons and Mater's spiel about car partsWhen Slyman and Habib see a film of Cheech & Chong having sex with the Arabs' girlfriends, Slyman gets the idea to make a porno with the duo, but Habib thinks that they should do a snuff movie of them killing Cheech & Chong. As revealed in The Stand, He Who Walks Behind The Rows is implied to be Randall Flagg, a Stephen King villain from The Stand and the Dark Tower series. This is never mentioned in the short story or any of the adaptations. He Who Walks Behind The Rows, possibly. It's implied that this is actually Randall Flagg, who, throughout King's various works, shares more than a few traits with Nyarlathotep, the Crawling Chaos. saved by Armbrister He dies. Randall Flagg, Stephen King's meta-villain. after seeing her husband dead and irrationally jumped to a conclusion that the child killed him somehowthen become Asshole Victims after stooping that lowGlen Nica at the end of Curse of Chucky. In Curse of Chucky Andy points a gun at Chucky before he even manages to get out of the box he was shipped in.(and Tyler in 3) Curse of Chucky however, shows that Andy seems to be doing just fine.Eddie Caputo and Dr. ArdmoreWhile it does put him down at the end of this film, later sequels prove the voodoo priest was perhaps a bit too optimistic in saying that would be enough to kill Chucky permanentlyChucky is dead and Andy is saved, but nobody besides Mike, Jack, and the Barclays are going to believe a doll committed the murders.she realizes he's been working without batteries. Until Curse of Chucky, that is. Also doubles as a very long example of How We Got Here. Chucky:say goodbye to Reepicheep, the one who taught him to overcome his fears and who was kind to him when he was a dragon Alive, anyway.the end of the world her being told at the end of the film that she can't return her absence in The Last Battle And it even becomes somewhat of a Sequel Hook since Word of God says the green mist was created by the Lady of the Green Kirtle as her first attempt on the Caspian family. Susan, who represents "Doubting Thomas", because she loses her faith completely in Aslan and Narnia, never reaching Aslan's Country (Heaven).abandons the other three survivors to die and escape off the planet by himself, before he is convinced to go backNecromongers Fry died at the end of Pitch Black, Jack (Kyra) and Imam died at the end of The Chronicles of Riddick, leaving Riddick with no more morality pets, and a whole empire of necromongers at his command! At the end of their fight, this is exactly how Riddick kills him. I told that was gonna happen...the PurifierThe rescue is even worse. saving the girl rather than the gems of Gwaihlur giving two orphans enough money to lead a comfortable lifeConan and Valeria are the only two people still alive in the whole city This is confirmed when he fights a giant snake, also of a long-extinct species.After she helps Conan escape the royal palace of Nemedia, he rewards Zenobia by marrying her and making her the queen of Aquilonia. overthrows the evil priests ruling the Antillian Isles, and then navigates to the continent of Mayapan (America) where he ends up in legend as Kukulcan/Quetzalcoatl, bringer of (ironically) civilization.Eric intervenes in Darla's addiction, in movie and TV series both, not because of any drug message, but simply because Darla's daughter is watching her mother kill herself and is unable to stop it.give Funboy a painless deathFunboyFunboy says that he would regret, or apologize but his soul is so twisted that even he admits that he is evil and beyond redemption. Thus Eric grants him painless death by forced suicide. Myca, who's fond of using stolen eyeballs in rituals, has her eyes pecked out by the crow when she tries to take its power. is stabbed with his own knives is given a lethal injection of his drug of addiction, though given a more painless death in the comic. is incinerated by his own car full of explosives. who has been taken so push of a pounding, especially from beatings by men larger than him and getting run over by cars, finally dies after a long fall from a several story building.It turns out that the latter hasn't actually done anything wrong, but she still acts the parthe actively refuses to get involved with the gorgeous Femme Fatale, even after she proves her innocence, for fear of letting it happen again: "She's got that ol' ball-and-chain look in her eyes!" knocking out Taz in a Curbstomp Battle in "Ducking the Devil", being the first foe to defeat Speedy Gonzales in "Mucho Locos" to name a few. Counting an obscure Tang endorsement from ''The Bugs Bunny Show'' and Cartoon Network's Big Game from 2001, he has also defeated Bugs twice as well. Bugs ends up tricking Daffy into wearing a rabbit disguise so that Daffy would be the first rabbit and Bugs, in disguise, gets the money instead, so technically nobody beat them to the punch, though when Daffy reveals that he's not a rabbit, the hunting season immediately switches from rabbit to duck. in the Ultimate Edition of Batman V Superman, Luthor goes from having a smug look on his face to "Oh Crap!" once Batman reveals he's arranged for Luthor to be sent there. CIA agent We get to see poor Mary Ann's nude corpse being disinterred.10-year-old's injuries are not shown, he is too late to save herHe follows through on the latter (then the former later on)the black guy Scorpio pays to beat him up so he can frame Callahan for itor a Dirty Cop he throws away his badge after disregarding his orders and endangering innocents. He realized that he crossed the line, and was no longer fit to carry the badgeand somehow has his badge againthe girl is found dead inside her graveand killspays some black guy to beat him up, just so he could frame Callahan for itthe bell tower collapses and knocks out Don Camillo, Peppone saves him from drowningaccidentally firing the tank's gun, destroying his peace dove statue in the processwhen Donald finds out about the gift cigars which he forced his nephews to smoke, he shrinks! Nice Job Breaking Your Nephews, Donaldit turns out school was out for summerQuincey Minaand avengeQuinceyDracula forces Mina to drink his bloodLucyLucy almost reaches this point.vampire Lucy is slainas part of the twist endingFelix Nash refused to wear itit's abandoned by his kidnappers while the Crown of England was stuck on his head Karras and into him. he kills himself to prevent Pazuzu, who has gone inside of him, from killing Regan.The two priests die, but they save Regan. Even when he's dead. Pazuzu's revenge on Fr. Merrin for evicting him from a child in Africa. he was right because he ends up possessing Karras.Fr. Karras kills himself to save Regan and get rid of Pazuzu. Harsher in Hindsight if you accept Exorcist III as canon. neither of them make it out alive Both part of Father Karras' Heroic Suicide.Only Merrin and Joseph survive the massacre.Subverted since the one actually possessed is Sarah, the doctor.Compared to Harlin's version, most of the people live through the film.that film's Expy of Ash combining Ash and Mia's storiesthe alternate end of the third film. faking her death throes tree rapeMia you never see it leave and it's probably still inside her, maybe alive, maybe dead and rotting. Mia has to fill the gas on the chainsaw at first but with as little as she gets into the tank it runs FAR longer than it should be able to. it's what allows him to reach the Necronomicon so he can destroy it allowing him to break free of being possessed by a Deadite. Sheila in the third.after Mia walks out of the woods, she get picked up by a couple in their truck. While taking her back into town, her eyes suddenly turn yellow like the film's deadites and she smiles at the camera before cutting to black. the spirit of Anne's father manifests to tell her she can use the Book against the evil, asking that she save his soul as well as herself.After she is brought back, Mia cries to David "It was so horrible..." Played straight in the remake, mainly because the filmmakers thought that no guy could hope to match Bruce Campbell's performance in the original. presumably and finishes with Evil Mia getting a chainsaw fed to her. Jake Mia Demons have possessed and killed your friends and relatives, and a Humanoid Abomination rises from Hell. A chainsaw to the face will fix that!transforming his Olds into a giant propeller of deathDavid throws together a Magical Defibrillator in the hopes of killing Mia and then bringing her back to life sans demonscene where Ash developed an eye on his shoulder, then a second head, and finally, split into Good and Evil Ash vomiting blood in Olivia's mouth references the corpse of the Gypsy woman doing the same. which leaves Ash vulnerable to becoming possessed and turning into a Deadite. Mia at the end of The Remake. but starts suspecting that Wendy might not be what she seems. Brock Samson suggests getting Dr. Orpheus to help.Mia is pregnant. the amnesiac LettyLetty still drives the same way she did before she got amnesia, and in spite of working for Shaw since she got out of the hospital, she has a distaste for his methods, which eventually drives her to abandon him for Dom. At the end, while she still doesn't have her memory back, she comments that being at a barbeque with the rest of the family feels like home. with Han's funeral.Vince: "Where's Letty?"Letty's crash siteVinceHanas one of Jakande's goons, who gets impaled on a tree during the Ramsey rescue And it gets wrecked and rebuilt again, and reappears in the next film only to get smashed up a fourth time. It returns yet again in 7 - Dom wrecks it once more after launching it through a ramp and tumble down the debris of a parking garage, but not before he attaches a bag of grenades onto Jakande's helicopter while in mid-air Which they have, as of the Furious 6 credits. Deckard Shaw (Owen Shaw's older brother) (The car he crashed into explodes, killing Han.)Deckard Shaw, having actually been in said collapsing building,tosses another bad guy into the engine of the cargo planeJakande's helicopter when it's aiming at Dom on top of the parking garage when Gisele falls to her death to save Han from getting killed by one of Owen Shaw's henchmen. Dom saying goodbye to Brian and driving off in different ways into the sunset. and ends with him getting rescued by Brian, Mia and his gang from the beginning. Also counts as a Bolivian Army EndingDom's appearance in Tokyo Drift Dom sees Fenix standing over Letty before killing her in some sort of guilt induced hallucination To be more precise, not a single "marked" person in the movies ultimately cheats Death. In fact, the only characters to even survive to the end of their movies are Alex, Clear, Kimberly, and Thomas. But Alex is killed off-screen between 1 and 2, Clear dies in the first sequel, and Kimberly and Thomas were confirmed dead via Word of God, apparently killed in some bizarre woodchipper accident.The Final Destination implies it's Death toying with them, but this is debatable as the fifth film seems to ignore this and the fourth was written by different writers than the original three The fifth movie is a prequel that concludes with a new perspective on the same plane crash that started the first film's storyline.a prequel to 1, meaning it still fits the patternsave the second onethe protagonists dead or in danger of dying ultimately steps on it. a skeleton figurine hanging in a noose is among the toys scattered about Tod's room. He is later strangled in his bathtub.Sam Lawton's5 where every movie ends with a Downer Ending in which Death gruesomely murders the protagonists, usually after a fake-out happy ending. The two leads of Final Destination 2 are the only ones to get an unambiguous happy ending, as being killed and then revived in time seems to get them off of Death's list. And yet deleted scenes from the third movie show newspaper clippings revealing that they died in a freak accident sometime in between moviesCarter in the original, Evan and Tim in the second, Ian and Lewis in the third, Andy in the fourth and Isaac in the fifth.In most of the movies, all the protagonists eventually die. a character pushed through a fence by a flying gas canister and gets dicedwhich is a prequel to the first movieCandice (a friend of Sam) dies, her boyfriend Peter blames Molly, who survived in the original vision and goes after her; when Sam kills him, (after everyone else except Nathan, Peter, Sam and Molly are dead) Molly escapes Death, thus putting her on the list. So... guess where she and Sam go? Yep! Flight 180. Death later targets them there and blows up the plane.even catching the last ones months later and a continent away.and kills them all of, including Clear Rivers, the only survivor from Final Destination 1. The inevitability of death is really emphasized because in this series, Death always wins and the protagonists' efforts to cheat it are entirely pointless in the endClearRory and KatNora and TimDeath wins. It always wins. By Word of God, every protagonist involved with a "premonition" dies anyway, making their survival of the accident pointless.Tim in 2 and Nathan in 5.Carter (Part 1): "I'm never going to die."Carter (Part 1): (at the end) "So who's next?" (cue big sign swinging down and smashing him as the movie ends)Evan Lewis (Part 2): "Jesus Christ. (chuckle)"(this was to the fire escape ladder stopping halfway down; it finishes the drop and lands in his eyes)Lewis (Part 3): "Whoo! What I tell you, Kevin, huh? Fuck death! Baby, I just win! That's all I know how to do, Kevin! I just win! Aggggggggghhh-" (Head gets squashed between two weights that were cut loose by a sword ornament.)Ian Mckinley (Part 3): "It skipped me. For me, it is over. I'm not dying. I'm not dying!" (he gets squashed by a crane)Ashlyn Halperin (Part 3): "A few more degrees won't hurt." (They get trapped in their tanning beds and burn alive) Isaac (Part 5): After avoiding death by needles AND fire in a Chinese Massage Parlour he lets out an audible "Phew!" - Cue heavy Buddha Statue falling from above.Lewis in 3 Willy's tank has been sabotagedElvis was telling the truth about learning karate.Glen, at the end of the first movie.At the beginning of the second film, it's revealed that she passed away. Elvis confessed to Jesse that giving him up was the hardest choice she had to make.Jesse got proof linking him to weapon smugglingthe killer of the movie is Jason's mother, Pamela Voorhees. She blamed the counselors of the camp's previous incarnation for letting her son drown in the eponymous lake (since they were too busy having sex to watch him), and did not want the camp to reopena man who wanted to avenge the death of his son, which occurred at the halfway house earlier in the film, dons the Jason Voorhees identity (including the hockey mask) to cover his tracks while he kills(a woman has her face frozen in liquid nitrogen before Jason smashes it to pieces)If you consider the statistics, Jason technically won with over twenty kills to Freddy's one. Word of God also differs on who ultimately won and what the ending of the film means, depending on which "God" you talk to. his mother Pamela killed most of the next counselors to inhabit Camp Crystal Lake years later if you killed his mother in the first film, then may God have mercy on your soul. (posthumously or not) many of his victims insulted him before being killed when Robert said he kidnapped his half-sister's corpse, fucked her daughter and had plans to reveal on TV that Jason kidnapped his half-sister's corpse to fuck it, Jason wasn't happy one bit. Pamela Voorhees in the first movie and Roy Burns in Part Vis not the killerJason refrains from killing one female because she resembles a younger version of his mother. So instead he keeps her as a prisoner in his lair.Alice, Ginny, Chris, Trish, Pam, Megan, Tina, Rennie, Jessica, Rowan, Lori, and Whitney Alice, who used weed in one scene Ginny, who has offscreen sex In the sequel, it is implied that Ginny did not have sex. Her boyfriend left a note telling her to beware of bears as a throwback to a joke involving women and their menstrual cycles. The implication is that they did not have sex because she was on her period.Alice Jessica and her love interest Steven completely avert the virginal aspect, seeing as the two had a child together outside of wedlock. the more sexually active Megan survives and the virginal Paula dies. she had previously subjected Jason to electrocutions, firing squad, gas, and hanging, all to no avail. it's really his mother's in the first movie where she hears her son saying, "Kill them, mommy." This makes it a Bootstrapped Leitmotif. meeting his doom at the hands of someone elsePamela Voorheesis a copy-cat murderer "(gets stabbed in the hand) Ow!" Freeze! Get the Hell away from her Ed! Barugon's egg Gamera causing tons of collateral death and destruction protecting Earth from other monsters severely wounded and bloodied Gamera preparing to begin a fight he'll probably die in. She tries to take control of Iris, thinking Gamera is the enemy... and gets crushed for it. It isn't.the aliens quickly rust when exposed to water, being made of metal. The brigade simply assaults them with backpack water sprayers Ginger dies in the first film, which makes the title meaningless in the sequel except for establishing the franchise. She comes back for Ginger Snaps Back.Brigitte to do her in. Sam being killed by Ginger, Ginger transforming into a full werewolf and being killed by Brigitte, and Brigitte contracting the werewolf curse.Brigitte may or may not have had feelings for Sam, but Sam jokingly asks her if she wants to have sex near the end. She says noTowards the end of the movie, Ginger goes to the Halloween party in Sam's greenhouse. Everyone thinks her deformed face and white hair are a costume.Brigitte contracting the werewolf curse and Ginger being dead Interestingly, this doesn't happen to Brigitte when she begins turning. Their promise goes unfulfilled at the end of the first movie, but is kept in a weird way in the prequel, with both sisters becoming werewolves together in the wilderness. Brigitte manages to walk away with her life and escape the curse, but both Sam and Ginger are dead.Both sisters and all the "good" characters are effectively dead or missing by the end of the second film. The only ones still remaining are a sociopathic girl and a werewolf that was formerly Brigitte, but has likely had all vestiges of her former personality erasedmelts down really close tofreezing his wings and a great dropmeltdown. Gigan NEOSOne of the main characters choose to die with Godzilla rather than risk having to use his weapon again. Not only that, but it's implied that Godzilla isn't the only one of his kind...Godzilla's meltdown at the end of Godzilla vs. Destoroyah.Dragon AscendantKeizer Ghidorah before he dies Boxer's son Asuka Hikariboth the male and female Rodan die by falling into a volcano as the JSDF bombs the area with an air strike As noted above, he did trade them in his second battle with Godzilla in Final Wars for chainsaws.The disguised Mecha turned his own daughter into a cyborg that could control MechagodzillaJunior becoming the new fully grown Godzilla they have to deal withGodzilla dies.and replaces the hooks with chainsaws in his second battle with Godzilla in Final WarsGodzilla dies of nuclear meltdown. And, the JSDF manages to freeze Destoroyah to death. the Major/Puppetmaster leave Batou's home to face an unknown future sentient being that just wants to be treated the same as everyone else Motoko/the Puppet Master. the Puppet Master's borrowed body And at the end of the film, into Kusanagi's when the body is destroyed. This foreshadows the Puppet Master's reasons for wanting to merge with her.Subverted; Kusanagi may be in a child's cyborg body at the end of the film, but mentally...only because he was never human to begin with deny it's a sentient being, though it clearly is Kusanagi's body being torn to shreds The Puppet Master is a government experiment in strong AI that became sentient on its own.Kusanagi and Project 2501Batou puts the Major combined with Project 2501 It's a team sent to capture the Puppet Master. is shot by the police helicopter he's safethe convenience store; her voice warns him that he's on a kill-zonethe little girl sitting on the floor in Kim's mansion is the artificial body that Batou placed the melded Puppet Master/Major in at the end of the first movie, and her final comments imply that she is everywhere, and always looking after Batou hosting copies of the ghosts of kidnapped young girls, in order to make them behave more like humans. Geez, no wonder they went berserk. that are actually cyborg Sex Slavesat least, until a shipping inspector trying to free Locus Solus's imprisoned girls tampers with their "ethics code", leaving them free to kill others and themselvesto hold off the rampaging gynoids while Kusanagi's borrowed body is immobilized Kusanagi's naked body being disintegrated"fed" evil spirits to her daughter when she was a child. The former's death at the latter's hands could be seen as Kayako's revenge for what her mother did to her.It doesn't work.Karen's deathYokoYokoKaren and Aubrey's motherYokoGretchenSadly, it's the last time they ever speak.Kayako ejects herself violently from Mrs. Davies' mouth.her jaw is torn offMrs. DaviesKaren and AubreyKayako's diarycoughing up Kayako in the form of a giant hairball-come-eyeball, which rips her jaw off.her face start to ripeyes gouged out and her jaw ripped off (Kayako really likes doing that to people, doesn't she?)nearly every bone in your body twisted and snappedBy extension, Aubrey's and Naoko's deaths apply, too.MaxNaoko bites his throat out.Miyuki dies in the love hotel she checks into with her boyfriendRose becomes possessed by Kayako after consuming her bloodSadly, their attempts only make things worse.Vanessadiscovering just what happened in the Saeki houseAubrey, Miyuki and NaokoGretchengouging out her eyesYoko.Yoko and GretchenMiyuki has extremely long, blue-painted fingernails, and this carries over into her ghost form.Lisa with Aubrey being Dead All Along prior to both Allison and Jake's story lines (with the former's still taking place in 2004 while the other two take place in 2006) and with Kayako killing off Allison in the last minute of the film, making Jake the Sole Survivorsuddenly witnessing Kayako's spirit taking the place of Aubrey, who comes and kills herGretchen's portrait of Rose is slashed and splattered with red paint, resembling blood, by KayakoKayako's eventual possession of RoseYoko'sMatthew and JenniferYoko's disembodied jawhas Kayako inhabiting her body.the principalNaokoVanessa and MiyukiTakeo stops possessing him.Rose drinking the bloodsave Naoko (and her death starts a new curse)save Lisa... at least for the time being. We shall see it appears that Naoko's ritual (which already has a slim chance of success as it is) may work - until she is killed by Max, which starts a completely new curse. Rose goes ahead with the ritual, thus saving Lisa from becoming a victim of Kayako's wrath. However, it isn't quite over yet. Yes, the ritual did manage to seal Kayako's spirit away...the catch is, she was sealed inside Rose's body. Not only that, but it is heavily implied that being sealed away will not stop her.Naoko desperately tries to use this on Max. in which her cough does actually kill her... well, sort ofJake.Kayako possesses RoseYokoGretchenMrs. DaviesLisa and RoseTakeoNaokoTakeoNaokoMaxAubreyDr. SullivanNaokoshe gets stabbed through the back of the throat. Admittedly, this does manage to sever her spinal chord, but it doesn't fit the tropeSusanMiyukiAllisonShe's killed by MaxRose now houses Kayako's spiritcatches a flight back to the US, hoping that the curse won't follow her. It does. She ends up spreading the curse to the apartment block, resulting in the death of her family, Jake's family, and anyone else who enters the building,Yoko and Gretchen.she encounters TakeoKayako emerges from one of his photographsAubrey sharing the same fate as Kayakothe woman emerging from the attic is not Kayako, but Aubrey.his sister-in-law. completely envelopes Vanessa's body with it, presumably suffocating herBy the end of the third movie, Kayako is sealed inside Rose.Allison'sJakeAll of Naoko's efforts end up achieving absolutely nothing (save for imprisoning Kayako's spirit inside Rose, which isn't exactly a good thing) thanks to Takeo's intervention.Aubrey, towards the end of the second film.Kayako's face suddenly appears in one of Gretchen's paintingsshe emerges out of a different paintingEasona photograph he is in the process of developingEason Kayako towards Peter.AubreyRikaNaokoMaxshe suddenly realises just what the curse has in store for herAubrey is destined to suffer the same fate as Kayako, and the spectre witnessed emerging from the attic by Allison is revealed to be Aubrey, and not Kayako, as originally thoughtAubrey breaks her ankle while fleeing from Takeo, which results in her having to crawl down the stairs to try (and fail) to escapeMax breaks Naoko's kneeMaxNaokobeing stabbed through the back of the throat"It followed me here!"Allisonhis whole familyAllisonNaoko.for the final time (while she's still alive, anyway) And at the end of short, his demeanor remained as helpful and friendly as ever towards Mickey. But after the initial misunderstandings, he's revealed to be as friendly and helpful as ever.an accident Goofy ends up in at the beginning of the story causes him to think he is the Phantom Blot during the night, and ends up very sleepy during the dayhe wants to kill his long-lost sister, who doesn't know about the familial relationship between themfinally kills LaurieDr. Terrence Wynnwho placed the curse on Michael in the first place.it turns out that Laurie had killed a paramedic instead of Michael at the end of H20; Michael had attacked the paramedic, crushed his larynx, and switched places with him before "Michael's" body was carted out to the ambulance the director's cut for Halloween II (2009), where screams "DIE!" at Loomis before stabbing him multiple times.(up to and including killing them)though these must be different men, as the one in Prince is definitely killed "Mrs. Appleby, surely you must know your stepdaughter Miss Penelope Appleby committed suicide three weeks ago in Switzerland." the main character helps his new girlfriend spring her husband from an insane asylum, and another man is killed in the process. Once he realizes his girlfriend is playing him, he helps the police get the goods on her. This apparently exonerates him for his earlier crimes, even though he was most decidedly not innocent of them. betraying Voldemort dies off-screen shielding Harry, Ron and Hermione, the three students he despises from werewolf Lupin, putting his own life at risk in the processBarty Crouch Jr.His soul was sucked out by a Dementor.Bathilda Bagshot is possessed by Naginipossessed Bathildaa cup, theoretically Helga Hufflepuff's but maybe anybody'slearn that Nagini is a Horcrux, and another is connected to Rowena Ravenclawthe diademthe Room of Requirementin a velvet jewel box instead of sitting on a warlock statueessentially arranges Voldemort's downfallhis conversation with Harry at King's Cross his brief alliance with Grindelwald his complicity in the death of his sisterthe Animagus form of Sirius Black, as we later find outthe only part of Dumbledore's master plan that went wrongVoldemort's Killing Curse in the forest failed to work on Harryhis survival (and why it had to be Voldemort himself who cast the curse)Elder Wand wouldn't work properly for Voldemortthe failure of the Killing CurseVoldemort's Soul Fragment "And Voldemort's got your blood in him which means you're still protecting by your mother's sacrifice" Harry's survival We wouldn't be learning about horcruxes until the book of Half Blood Prince came out year after the film of Prisoner came out, and another three years until we learned that Harry was the seventh horcrux.Voldemort walks across a floor strewn with blood and the bodies of the guards and goblins who let Harry steal his Horcrux from Gringotts.twoMolly did to Bellatrix when she killed her.Lupin's werewolf transformation is quite painful to look at. It's pretty accurate to the real werewolf transformation in mythology.Goyle's death scene(the hide-everything version where Ravenclaw's diadem is hidden)Griphook, Bogrod and Pius ThicknesseBogrodroasted by a dragon.Fenrir and ScabiorGoyleCrabbeLavender Brown DID die after having her neck chomped on by a werewolf. Amycus and Alecto Carrow McGonagall's duel with Snapetrapped in a net by McGonagall and hung in the Ravenclaw common roomFenrir and ScabiorGoyleHe falls into the fire.Bellatrix scarring Hermione's arm with "Mudblood", which is reminiscent of the serial numbers tattooed onto the forearms of interns in concentration campsSeverus Snape's deaththe snake striking him again and againBathilda Bagshot's bodyused by Nagini like a suitbrutally murdered is the rather large and gruesome pool of blood dripping from the ceiling of her house.leading Umbridge on a wild goose chase into the woods, she's captured by the centaurs, and begs Harry to tell them she means no harm, at which point Harry replies, "I'm sorry, Professor. I must not tell lies."being Happily Married in the epilogueHarry and Cho's kiss, to the group practicing Patronus Charms and being raided by Umbridge's Inquisitorial squad, to her and the Ministry confronting Dumbledore and his departureHowever, she ends up reappearing during the chase scene and tries to save Harry's life, but is hit with a killing curse.Voldemort's locket Horcrux speaking to RonVoldemort ordering Lucius to give him Snape.right before cutting Snape's throat and ordering Nagini to attack. Connor is Killed Off for Real.Starting with Connor's wife Heather, to the tune of Queen's "Who Wants to Live Forever?" Charlie Tessa, Darius, Charlie, Fitzcairn, Richie, Connor, Joe Not Joe. Darius, Tessa, Fitz, and Richie Connor Darius's body Connor Methos Word of God states that The Source isn't canon and just some kind of trippy nightmare Duncan is having. Don't know if that helps, but there it is.Poor Darius.Handwaved by having Chad explain that his mom put his picture in their fridge. Tiara. He picks Berkeley where he can do both, and stay closer to Gabriella They manage to delay the game and decathlon so they have time to audition. Including winning a scholarship to JulliardFrank's heart is still there, after all. Joseph Thorne, whose sins kick start the plot and the alleged serial killer known as Engineer, who is in fact a manifestation of Thorne's own cruelty Trevor Gooden is technically this as it was his plot to have Kirsty Cotton killed that got the Cenobites following him. It can be argued that Kirsty is part of the Big Bad Ensemble, as she was the one who got the Cenobites following Trevor in retaliation the Host It turns out he's a demon and he takes the box back for himself.Kirsty lives, but she's murdered people to escape this time. Since her husband went to Hell partly due to his desire to murder her, this implies she's condemned herself.when Tiffany resolved itrestoring Pinhead's humanity Elliott Spenser Hell Priest Chris is able to save Karen, but by this point she has become a werewolf as well. She ultimately gives up her life to train and warn other people about their existence. Dr. Waggner wants the Colony to have both their human and animal instincts be harmonious, and even try to live with the rest of civilization. The rest of the Colony ultimately reject this, preferring being taken over by their primitive instincts. Bill, Dr. Waggner. Eddie's Marsha and Bill's sex scene becomes more primal as their animal instincts take over... and then they transform in the middle of it. Karen. Chris shoots Karen with one last silver bullet after she transforms. After realizing that Chris has silver bullets, Dr. Waggner intentionally goads Chris into shooting him.What we know and Eddie doesn't, is that the rifle is loaded with silver bullets. Whoops...Chris pretty much waits there while Karen turns into a werewolf. When the transformation is complete, she shoots her on live television. After being bitten, Bill's wolf instincts take him over, causing him to go from being a vegetarian to happily eating meat, cheating on his wife with Marsha after previously turning down her advances, and even being the one who bites and turns Karen.KarenKaren's on-air transformationStefan and Stirba burn together in the endDon't Look NowKarenPeter and The Count tell Marylou to shoot the other, the Count being convinced that Peter is the werewolf killing everyone and Peter believing the Count is a crazy murderer. Marylou fires once...and Peter rushes to hug her telling her everything is okay now. Then the full moon shines down on the pair as Marylou grins savagelyIt was planted by HarkerHarker is a vampire, and has been framing Ian for the murders. After this, Fur Against Fang climax gets into gear Kathyn Kidman And so does the third movie.Granny commandeering her pet whale like a submarine.the sirensjust as Diego was in the first film, and like him, she ultimately joins the group for good at the end. Rudy the Baryonyx. Soto is killed by falling icicles, complete with stabbing sounds and winces from the other sabres. Also, Gutt from the fourth film is eaten alive by Sirens. and later Squint "I thought you were a female!" Ellie's daughter is born ("Oh look, it's a boy!" - "That's her tail, Sid." - "It's a girl!")Shira Scratlantisthe sirens the "siren"'s taking the shape of Shira to lure him in is any indication. It works wonderfully well, until Manny wakes up from his own illusion. stay in his Fluffy Cloud Heaven Precious, Sid's Grandma's pet. Rudy. Justified, as Buck took out one of his teeth. kill Manny's family just to get back at him.Manny. It's revealed his wife and son were killed prior to the filmthe death of his wife and child.Manny had a wife and child who were killed by humans, and he's still grieving for them, so he knows full well about being loyal to a mate. This is likely a reason why he denies his feelings for Ellie in the second film at first too. Soto being impaled by the falling icicles. Manny and Diego, done for each other, and both times they nearly die. was taken away from himScrat waking up 20,000 years later in the volcanic ageWhen Manny is attempting to save Diego and the ice Manny is standing on breaks, Sid screams Manny's name as Manny plummets down. He survives. lost his family to hunters. his child was stoned to death, along with Manny's wife.and in Crystal Skull.and Crystal Skull.to cure his father, and suffers no ill effects, while Elsa tries taking it for her own glory and dies for itthey only actually do harm to Mola Ram, while they bring the Indian village to its former life.never tries to leave the temple with itnot to look at what's inside itThat they knew of.Belloq, Elsa, Walter Donovan, and Irina Spalkoand even he ended up guffing it up in the endIrinaThe Ark of the Covenant can be seen from inside a broken crate during the warehouse fight in the 4th movie. the Ark's Letimotif plays throughout that scene.young Indy is kidnapped by Pancho Villa.extraterrestrialsElsa can be spared from her Plotline Deaththe Giant Mook under the rock crusherIndy receives his scar on the chin through his trademark weapon The Whip, and Mutt receives his scar on his right cheek through his trademark weapon The Sword.Mutt's character was a greaser. He was originally supposed to be a geek, but it was decided that it would be better if he was a Rebel Without a Cause, so Indiana would have an idea of what his father had to put up with when raising him.a nuclear test detonation by hiding in a lead-lined refrigeratorthe aliens appear and kill Spalko by psychically flooding her mindaliens until the wrath of God comes pouring out of it and utterly destroys the Nazis presentknowledge that makes your head explode - literally!Kemp's Chappie is revealed to have bailed out of his own jet at the last second and survived. Chappie gets tagged by one and goes down in the Med.or so everyone thoughtshot in the shoulder by a sniper Nakesh ordered the sniper to gun down Col. Masters on the runway during Doug's rescue attempt when Doug locks-onto Nakesh's fighter in the final battle the sniper wounds Col. Masters in the climaxsniper guns down Col. Masters Which is sort of the point since the mission was set up to failand Horikoshi Horikoshi kills himself and General Simms by using a kamikaze attack on his plane. Nearly results in a Training Accident when Leichman's guns are secretly loaded with live ammo. WWII fighter planes going up against jet fighters. Aided by them being refitted with laser-guided weapons. Kettle is last seen entering the contaminated chamber, implying he may rather die than be arrested and maybe humiliated. However, we don't see the rest of his fate, though it's implied he dies. Big Bad Friend: Kettle. Kettle. He plans on using the chemical weapon Pandora on Cuba just to get rid of communism, though it would cost the lives of civilians in the process.Aldrich Killian is an exception as he only needs it to kidnap the president.Stane was behind Tony's kidnappingThis ends up saving Tony after his newer arc reactor is stolen later in the film.In the climax, he uses this to temporarily disable Stane's suit.turns out to be a hidden blueprint for the element that's key to perfecting the arc reactor. They end up using this in the climax to defeat Vanko.42. In the climax we get to see most of the rest of the suits.and the modern incarnation of the Mandarin. Making for yet another funny moment when he casually uses it to prop up part of his prismatic accelerator, as many a fanboy orgasm turned to horrible, horrible shock.Yinsen in the first movie, Anton Vanko in the sequel.including most of the final battleMeanwhile, Word of God is that the man who got Vanko his false passport, an Asian man working in Russia, is an agent of the Ten Rings. Justified near the climax of the third movie; when Tony is trapped in just his right gauntlet and his left boot, the imbalance naturally makes it literally impossible for him to not spin unless he grabs the wall and braces his empty foot against itObidiah Stane (or rather, the guy controlling his impersonator) is a genius scientist and inventor who has created a huge breakthrough in his area of studies, but he uses his creations for evil and vengeance, and distributes the technology without caring about the consequences. In another sense, Extremis allows his subjects to go toe-to-toe with Tony's suits, pitting biological evolution against technological evolution.who is using the Extremis formula to start a war in which he controls both sides. Aldrich Killian wanted revenge on Tony for being a Jerk Ass, and had a camera-double to cover his ass. Obadiah StaneCaptain America's shield Thor's hammershould be giving him a medal. He does.to be a theme throughout the movie as Ivan Vanko seeks to destroy the legacy of the Stark family and claim the legacy he believes to be his. Justin Hammer actually brings up the idea of 'going after his legacy' verbatim.Stane, but he's Affably Evil, indicates he was reluctant to have Tony killed, though more of pragmatism perhaps. Considering what we see of Tony before he reforms implies he's an irresponsible playboy billionaire taking the glory and credit while Stane keeps the company afloat, it's hard not to understand why Stane might want Tony out of the pictureStane reveals that he intends to have Pepper killed dying and in denial about ithe later uses it against Stane.the Stark Industries missile... and the guns... and Iron Mongerthe Arc Reactor technology was originally developed by Howard Stark, who was part of SHIELD and who apparently studied the Tesseract that came from Asgard. It became obvious in the second movie that Howard Stark made great intellectual discoveries by studying the artifact, but he was limited by the technology of his time, and that Tony was the one who eventually realized much of the potential of his father's research into Asgard tech. his company is selling weapons to the villains.Stane has been secretly selling to the Ten RingsThe palladium poisoning. As Jarvis puts it, the thing that's keeping Tony alive is slowly killing him.fight with Rhodey. The final dialogue of the scene, when they both have repulsors pointed at each other, is sheer, priceless, goading jackassery on Tony's part.both Ben Kingsley as a hammy actor playing a hammy villain, and Guy Pearce as a Drunk with Power baddie they unload a sizable portion of their rocket ordnance on the fleeing Expo attendees. Notably, these are the only drones that successfully go after civilians onscreen. Quite a literal massacre.the Mark III armor was heavily damaged in the fight with Staneupgrading his chest piece to a less poisonous elementIt also gets a downgrade, as Hammer "upgrades" the software from Stark Tech to his own inferior OS.marries Pepper in the comics. The movie's director cast himself as HappyPepper is rushing to save Pepper from the exploding Hammer DronesStane mocks Stark as he steals the arc reactor in his chesthis suit can fly.build a suit of Powered Armor in his basementslowly die of palladium poisoningthe element that Stark synthesizedObadiah StaneIron Legion. To elaborate: Tony's featured suit for 3 reads Mk 42. Marks I through VII go down with his house. At the climax, all other 34 suits of Powered Armour fly in and start going to town on the Extremis experiments. The "Holy Shit!" Quotient for this movie just experienced the icing problem.War Machine, during the final fight versus Ivan Vanko. The Ex-Wife turned out to be useless and his minigun was destroyed just a few seconds in, so he was stuck with his forearm-mounted machine guns, which didn't even dent Vanko's armor. Presumably he thought (correctly) that he'd have better luck with them than with his palm-mounted repulsors, which Vanko had shown in a previous fight that he could deflect.the President's Secret Service who should know better.Moneypenny.playing a major role in Skyfall Rene Mathis in Dikko Kronsteen Lisl Saunders, the equivalent of Sender in the short story agent that is transformed into the villainous General Koskov for the film, who is probably executed after the events of the movie the death of M in Skyfall, as no M has ever been killed off in the books Quint's Quint is eaten alive by the shark on the boat, screaming in terror as Brody helplessly watches. a young boy named AlexQuintQuintQuintQuintQuint a young boy named Alex QuintBrodythe Orca completely sinks; Brody nails the shot on the scuba tank just in timeAnd in the end, he falls victim to his living nightmare. Quint loses his grip and slides to his deathEven after Hooper stays, Brody is arguably still the only rational man on the island.shark's mangled corpse John HammondDennis NedryDonald Gennaro Peter Ludlow and Dieter StarkLewis Dodgson Vic HoskinsRobert MuldoonPeter Ludlow from The Lost WorldIan Malcolmkilling three Velociraptors only with his wits, among other things. where he suffers a Karmic Death Ed Regis and gets eaten for his trouble. Zara'sIt proves to be effective against Nedry. one of them steals raptor eggsthe I. rex to recruit them when she's found Turns out it can release other dangerous animals to wreak havoc in its name. Oh, and it can communicate with your trained Velociraptors, too! Zarathat poor doggoes on its way, leaving the kid and his understandably terrified parents completely unscathedwhen Tim tried to distract two Velociraptors that followed him and Lex by sending a baby raptor found in the InGen lab to them. The adult raptors immediately slaughtered the baby.Lewis Dodgson gets devoured by infant T. rexes in the second novel, as do two of his henchmen, although one of them has a change of heart only to get violently killed by raptors anyway.Nedry totally counts for this, while his book counterpart wasn't explicitly eaten by the dinosaur, just blinded and gutted by the creature while his remains were later eaten by a compy hordeLudlow suffers Dodgson's fate, being crippled by a T. rex father and devoured by the son Later, the Indominus Rex is dragged to her doom by the Mosasaurusif the curse has spread further or not Kayako, quite possibly. Toshio's really not his son, after all their roles are reversed. the middle school-aged Yayoi had died when Midori was still a toddler, so we didn't get to see her fully grow up. Akane apologizes to Mirai, and the latter in turn leaves her bear keychain before disappearing for good, having forgiven her. She doesn't want to kill her friend after all.she loses her lower jawwhen Kayako emerges from her womb Toshio he's right Congratulations, Kyoko... it's a gir-ARGHGODWHATISTHATRUNFORYOURLIIIIIVES. Kayako does this to Nobuyuki in the second film.the reincarnated child-form of Kayako/child who is possessed by Kayako (it's never made exactly clear) her Evil Twin takes over. the latter event happens, well, the creepiness turns Up to Eleven. becoming possessed by a spirit.KannaSeriously, having a bunch of possessed cats ripping your jaw from your face has got to suck. And they don't even use their claws.(By extension, Rika's death also counts.) Kayako breaks her spine by slowly moving her downward.it isn't the mother who dies... just everybody who happens to witness the birth at the timeKyoko HaraseKobayashi Toshio takes over her usual role as the Big Bad. helping Toshio corner Yui, including the last one. Kayako in the seventh film. Laughing while having her neck snapped, yeah. Kobayashi loses both his wife and unborn daughter to Takeo and soon gets killed by Kayako. The entire Murakami family, except for the father, plus Yuki, succumb to the curse. The house is having a new owner, whose seller's paranormal sister, Kyoko, senses that they will eventually fall to the curse as well. The entire Suzuki family (Kyoko, Tatsuya, their parents, Tatsuya's son Nobuyuki) are killed by the curse. The curse also claims two survivors from the previous film: Kamio and Yoshikawa (and his wife). The entire Tokunaga family perishes to the curse, and what is left of the Toyama family is the wife, who has to watch both her husband and daughter going mad before their eventual death by the curse. Oh, and Rika is destined to play the curse, too - after she has died, of course. Everyone in the set meets their doom as soon as they step inside the house. Kyoko's husband commits suicide, while Kyoko herself gives birth to Kayako and becomes her servant before she gets offed as well. Fukie's Evil Twin takes over her body and kills her aunt, Mariko (and her completely innocent husband and son), before getting killed by her mother, Kiwako, in a double suicide, which only worsens the curse, as this means that Fukie's twin now can roam free of her mortal body. She then proceeds to kill her nurse, Yuko, and the latter's neighbor, Tetsuya. every other single main character, except for Kyosuke Takeda (who not only manages to live for over 10 years and counting after having first contacted the curse, but is able to warn the protagonists of it, futilely, of course) are killed, and the last shot of the film is our last protagonist, Mai, who can only watch helplessly as Kayako, now jawless (!) comes closer to her for her inevitable death. Die Laughing after Takeo found out that she has been lying to him about Toshio's parentage. after their deathKyoko, who is nowhere near full-term, starts going into labour the moment she encounters Kayako for the first time.it is entirely possible that the child aged really fast thanks to the curse's influence, instead of aging naturally - so the film could be set not too long after the birth, instead of several years.impregnate Kyoko with Kayako (or a child possessed by her, at least)Kanna. Kyoko's child Kanna missing her bottom jaw.Kyoko's stomach It's to show you who the real cause of the curse isKobayashi at the house, when Toshio is meowing behind him - when the scene cuts to a very brief shot of the house's exterior, Kayako can be seen walking onto the balcony So after most of the main characters are killed, we're left to the main heroine, Yui, who's trapped by Kayako and Toshio in the house, only to suddenly wake up at her apartment, as if everything is just in her head. But then, she goes out and sees her boyfriend, his head still going the other way. her inability to have a child screwed her up and made her a mild Ax-Crazy. Yui Mai she's fully consumed by KayakoKyoko HaraseKanna'sface start to ripsans jawKanna's now-dismembered body, with her jawless head lying on the tablechopping up her own arm Toshio YamagaKayako's possession of herTakeo shows her how he murdered Manami, although her insanity is suggested to be a combination of this event and Demonic Possessiongiving birth to her horrific offspringTakeo kills Manami and their unborn child.Manami and Kobayashi's unborn childa fetus having her head chopped off by a chainsaw her spirit gets expelled from her body, so she still kind off exists in this worldKanna Aoi Kayako sports this appearance as she is about to kill Mai at the end of the eighth film.Manami and subsequent removal of her unborn childKobayashiRika'sWhile Kayako doesn't physically kiss him, Kobayashi's death has shades of this.Katsuya, during his Demonic Possession.Kobayashi.Not only does it not work, but Sadako and Kayako end up FUSING INTO ONE BEING. Reo, or rather, her spine, sure learns her lesson the hard way. Sota, too.a haunting/past event plays out behind the oblivious Kyoko, depicting Kayako and Toshio in happier timesmeowing is heard. We see Toshio's face and it's clearly him doing the meowing.Kyoko SuzukiManamiChiharuRika NaotoHitomiIzumi adopt Toshio, who then spreads the curse to his surroundings, transforming her house into another cursed house... with her decision to kill Fukie's mortal body. No, it won't stop Fukie's twin rampage. It worsens it. deaths of the four teenagers Toshio and only Toshio; Kayako doesn't come into the picture until a year after this incident happen.Rikathe end of the third filmTakeo is coming for her.Rika has been possessed by KayakoKayako has been replaced with Rika in full Stringy-Haired Ghost Girl mode.and tear her jaw offlost her jaw - with her jaw still intact, for some reason -RikaKannaChiharu's friend HiromiKyoko discovers that her mother has died in her sleep. Sota lying dead in their apartment.Tomoka and Noritaka The curse didn't start with the Saeki murders. It began looooong before that, like a decade before the murders happened. It's not known whether murder was involved, or just a simple error like, oh, leaving your child to succumb to the heatwave? There are two Toshio. The first has the surname Yamaga, and he's the cause of the curse (the one dying in the aforementioned heatwave). The second is our one and only Toshio Saeki, who's a reincarnation of the former. Toshio really was not Takeo's son. Kayako, who's frustrated by her inability to have a child with Takeo, suddenly became pregnant one day (a security footage showed that Toshio Yamaga somehow went inside her womb). So Takeo's killing became kinda justified. Toshio has the ability to do Body Surf. By doing this, he managed to escape Takeo's rampage and after killing him, transferred to his old body to masquerade so someone could adopt him and thus spread the curse. Kayako comes out of Kyoko's birth canal and slaughters the doctorsMizuhoRikaRikaMegumiKyoko's motherChiharu, one of Izumi's friends Yui's her is waking up from her supposed dream to meet her still-decapitated boyfriend. we see that she has indeed fallen to the curse, since Kayako is able to use her image to lure Mai so she can kill her. Kiwako decides to commit suicide alongside her daughter, Fukie's mortal body, which contains her other daughter's spirit (Fukie's spirit having been expelled) to end her rampage. Unfortunately, it only succeeds in killing the mortal body, as her spirit is able to roam free.RikaRika has, throughout most of the movie, been "possessed", of sorts, by Kayako, and is destined to suffer the same fate as Kayako and therefore "become" her, in a sense Body Surf. As expected of the true Big Bad.become possessedpossesses Katsuyaapproaching RikaKyoko is still pregnant, and what - or rather who - she is pregnant withKyoko HaraseDenham and most of his crew survive the fall, but then double-subverted when the insects attack and consume his entire crewkills off Ollie at the climax, leaving Stan all alone...until the next scene where he comes back as a talking horsehe is killed while serving in WWItry to take care of his daughter and reunite her with her grandparents; thankfully, the comedic tone returns after this shift of focushaving the old Stan back at the very end Riggs kills two of the villains who drowned Rika after he uses his Houdini impression to escape the same fateThat night Murtaugh and his family are attacked in their home and no-one is interested in playing jokes on him...until later on in the movie when Murtaugh shoos away some cops crowding around his desk only to find they've planted a 'rubber tree' there. Even Murtaugh can't help breaking down in laughter. Riggs and Murtaugh being busted back down to SergeantsKu dodges, but it hits and kills his brother instead.He was talking about Lorna.after killing a teenager in self-defence. to pull the rubble off the nearly-drowning Riggs on a finger count. General McAllister's car.While General McAllister was barbecuing his nuts on Hollywood Boulevard, Mr. Joshua went to Murtaugh's house to go after Roger's family. But there was "nobody here but us good guys".Dixie's house being bombedafter the bombingGeneral McAllister has explosives in his car enables Roger to kill him (by killing his driver, causing an overturned-vehicle crash) Murtaugh's family aloneshoots McAllister's driverand Rika.That night Murtaugh and his family are attacked in their home and no-one is interested in playing jokes on him...until later on in the movie when Murtaugh shoos away some cops crowding around his desk only to find they've planted a 'rubber tree' there. Even Murtaugh can't help breaking down in laughter. It did work with Rika, though, much to Riggs' anguish.the very assassin who murdered Riggs' wifeRiggs kills the assassin who killed them, and Murtaugh murders the government official who ordered the hit. Rika dies soon after having sex with Riggs.Turns out that the "accident" in question was a deliberate hit-and-run by that movie's Big Bad that was meant to kill Riggs himself but got her insteadMurtaugh revokes it a second later.Pieter Vorstedt, as he revealed himself to the man responsible for Riggs' wife's death, therefore he's indirectly responsible for making Riggs suicidal and a danger towards himself and others in the first film.stabs Vorstedt with his own knifethe South African government wouldn't dare raise a fuss about the death of the Rudd under those circumstances. Murtaugh would sell it as "a man shot my partner, I returned fire", which would clear IA easily, and the South African government would have a very hard time explaining why their consular officer died holding a gun that LAPD Forensics could easily match to bullets pulled out of a police officer.killed Rigg's wifeAll the new detectives introduced in the movie end up dead when the South African gangsters start covering their tracksthe toilet he is sitting on is rigged to explode with a dead man's switchto the LAPD detectives investigating him, for Murtaugh to go into the stilt house and start shooting the bad guys start bringing the whole place down.should be killed to further fuel Riggs' hatred of the South African diplomats. With Rika dead, this entire ending had to be scrapped. This ending was filmed prior to filming some of the other scenes from the film, including most of the second half where Riggs and Murtaugh go into final showdown with South Africans finds out the South Africans killed his wife and his new girlfriend. The one time he does what he's told, two bad guys commandeer the vehicle and kidnap him. Arjen Rudd shot him at the end of LW2 the knife Vorstedt got him with in the leg at the climax.In the end, he doesn't retire. kills Travis with a gun modified with cop-killer bullets (which Travis helped put back on the streets to begin with)The 22-year-old cop, Edwards, who's the butt of jokes at his expense about his age and height throughout the film, and takes it all with good-natured, innocent charm. He ends up dead at the hands of Jack Travisa friend of his son's.after killing a teenager in self-defence Riggs then shoots Ku underwater after they fall off a pier while fighting.Little Ping, who saves Riggs, Lorna, and the Murtaughs along with Rianne from a burning house. they killed Ku's brother, leaving him seriously pissed father-in-lawWah Sing Kuto death underwater. It backfires when Porky destroys the note and Buckwheat tells Darla what it said from memory.At the end, Butch and Woim end up in a pig pen. Alfalfa punched Butch into it, and then Woim jumped in himself to avoid being punched. A deleted scene reveals that Porky and Buckwheat try to approach Spanky about their idea to charge admission to the talent show right away, but Spanky brushes them off. Uh-huh Uh-huhthe sole survivor of the filmthe goat and a group of nazis stranded at the top of his scrap heapThe next time you dream, INCLUDE US OUT!ElmerThe cartoon ends with Sylvester and Wile E. Coyote crossing the finish line instead. "What's Opera Doc?", though granted Elmer is too remorseful to savour it, and Bugs isn't really dead. "Fresh Airdale", big time. by the end of the short, even Bugs is getting tired of Red Riding Hood's constant interruptions. He then switches the Big Bad Wolf, who was about to fall onto red hot coals because of all the furniture Bugs threw on him, with Red. Bugs and the Wolf, arms around each other and sharing a carrot, watch proudly as Red soon gets what she deserves. "Tortoise Beats Hare", "Tortoise Wins by a Hare", and "Rabbit Transit". Though Bugs could also be considered the bad guy, considering how much of a jerk he was to Cecil Turtle in the first place. he ends up hooking up with the girl the heroes had been trying to save the entire cartoon.Pepper Pottsgetting injected with ExtremisSkye/Daisy JohnsonMister Hyde The two last words in it are "honk, honk!"is out of control as a virus-like clone that threatens not only operatives, but Zion, the Matrix and even the Machine City itselfthe OracleCypherBaneget possessed by the Big BadIn fact, it's the entire reason for her series-spanning gambit against the Architect.he is ultimately the only member of both his ship's crew and the main Power Trio who survives through all three filmsMousethe end of the third filmand this one witnesses Sati revive when the Matrix rebootswho not only created The Matrix, but has manipulated five occurrences of "The One" into doing what he wants (letting Zion be killed off and then repopulating it)That's not including the Oracle, the matronly counterpart to the Architect. The entire plot has been...at the very least, heavily influenced by her desire to unbalance the Architect's plan. "The Anomaly," who keeps reappearing every 100 years or so when the Matrix must be rebooted, or reloaded. The Architect noted he'd been trying to get rid of the Ones for a long time with no success (the Ones are Choice Incarnate and presumably can't be removed without removing choice from the Matrix and hosing the system). The Architect settles on using the Oracle's prophecy to force the One to come to him, presenting Neo with a Morton's Fork to save humanityMachine code and life energyAgent Smith.Agent SmithNeo and Tank in the first movie, Trinity in the second.Smith, who became an Omnicidal Maniac and attempted to destroy everything, man or Machine. He runs into an Agent at one point, and casually assimilates him.It seems he was right.Cypherhe's not the first One"I have survived your predecessors"and violated by AgentsAgent Smith and others put them to the ultimate test, he's bludgeoned silly before being shota fatalistic abomination, must kill him to save everyone in and out of the Matrixthe resistance's existence is actually vital to the continuation of the Matrix, which is why the machines loyal to the Matrix don't (immediately) wipe them out. Unless human beings are given the choice to accept or reject the reality of the Matrix, even if they are only aware of this choice subconsciously, the entire system collapses ("entire crops [are] lost", in Smith's words). The tiny number of humans who do reject the system are allowed to become rebels, live in Zion and extract others "redpills" from the Matrix. When their numbers grow large enough, they are wiped out, while the One selects a small number of rebellious humans from the Matrix to repopulate Zion and start the process over again.the Oracle and the ArchitectThe Architect's first line to the Oracle near the end of Revolutions essentially drops the trope name.is the sixth and hopefully, last, although it is implied he will return as a seventhCypherDeal with the DevilBaneDemonic Possessionthe Mjolnir crashes in the machine citythat Trinity's been impaled by wreckageSmith became a threat so large that he would eventually destroy EVERYTHING, from the Matrix out. Neo created a mutual enemy to both Man and Machine, something that his predecessors apparently could not do. By stopping such a threat to all, Neo brokered a peace that the Machines could respect.Tank after Cypher shot him.Smithby turning every single person in the Matrix, human or otherwise, into a copy of himself. Though he needn't have bothered once he converted the Oracle and saw that he would win, he's just that kind of a perfectionistAgent Smitha Machine intelligence herself, rooting for and supporting the humans. She tells him that the One must find the Source to end the war.Emilio Estevez and Kristin Scott Thomas Keri RussellJosh Holloway and Tom WilkinsonJulialeads the Russian spy to him right after he kills Hendricks so that his name will be cleared Alec Baldwinthe team leader Jim Phelps. Claire and Krueger as wellJohn MusgraveBrandt is totally innocent, but his mysterious behavior hinted at him being one throughout, thus bucking the trend of a mole per movieIlsa Faust is one for the heroesspies who turned rogueformer IMF AgentsEthan outjumped a fireball (specifically, he used the explosive force to throw him back to a train).Ethankilling the group of Serbian spies who slew his wife. this is the concept behind the formation of the Syndicate. Phelps goes rogue in the first; Ambrose, the Big Bad in the second is a former IMF agent; Musgrave is in league with Davian in the third (and he tries to set up Brassel and Ethan as such to cover it up); Ethan himself is made to look like this in the fourth; and he actually is such in the fifth (and The Syndicate is entirely made up of rogue agents). QuentinYou can hear him utter "Gaddafi" over the phone in the 3rd movie. Reggie JacksonFrank to Jane near the end, when she's hypnotized into trying to kill himThe villain (played by Robert Goulet) survives falling out of a window. When he gets up, it seems like Goulet is going to escape. Just then, a lion appears out of nowhere and kills him on the spot. It is however incredibly funny and a great Brick Joke since earlier in the film Drebin released a bunch of animals from the zoo. "I haven't had this much sex since I was a Boy Scout leader!"giving Anna's character a Gag Penis. Think about it for a second mauled Hapsburg to death at the end of the second film; given the "logic" of this series, it's conceivable that the lion would've been charged with homicideTanya Petersin the end she is the last surviving member of the gangshe switched sides to the good guys by telling Frank where the bomb had been hidden, but that shouldn't absolve her from punishment for having knowingly collaborated with killers the Academy Awards show Tanya's she has a penis As the tablet further corrodes, Octavius and Jedediah attempt to die holding hands. Cecil the previous night guard Sir Lancelot"You're going to live!" (breaks hourglass with helmet) which is used against him when Larry shouts the secret code to stop the horse-drawn cart Cecil used to escapeAmelia decides to take a plane and fly off into the wild blue yonder, and certain death, since she'll turn to dust once the sun rises. However, she wants to die doing what she loves, rather than spend the rest of her existence as an inanimate statue.the Lincoln from the Lincoln Memorial saving you.statue of Abraham Lincoln walks off after dispatching Kahmunrah's underworld army, since it would have been a Curb-Stomp Battle had he stayed for the climaxKahmunrah opens the portal to the netherworld.The movie ends with Larry selling his company and donating the money to the AMNH, under the guise of funding more "high-end" upgrades to the exhibits, allowing the exhibits to come alive at night without any fear of breaking the Masquerade. has different ideas though: she already knows, she just doesn't care that muchthe value of Pi to the first eight decimal places.The Lincoln Memorial Luckily, the arrival of Octavius and Abraham Lincoln distracts him.Doubles as Actor Allusion when Hugh Jackman tries threatening Lancelot as Wolverine. Understandingly, Lance doesn't get it.although they stay at the British museum, they temporarily return to New York as part of a special exhibit, along with a couple of the British exhibits (Lancelot and Trixie)The sad part about it comes from Larry not being there; though we see him outside the museum, noticing the dance party with a smile, we never get to see if he ever goes into the museum and/or sees his friends again. What's more, a line from McPhee plus some Fridge Logic seems to imply that he can't go back there to be a night guard again, since he allowed himself to get fired in order for McPhee to keep his job (see Taking the Heat) Cecil, Gus and Reginald from the first movie are now in a nursing home. Cecil is relevant to the plot in the first act of the film.Larry uses them to fry the bronze Xiangliu statue He gets his eyes gouged out in the middle of coitus.Averted with Rodger, who survives the entire film.inserts her entire tube of lipstick into her nipple in the first movie.When she realized her husband intended to mutilate or even kill little kids, the next morning she served him a slice of freshly baked apple pie. And to save time she didn't remove the razors.Sal dies saving Judy from Angela, and his corpse is possessed.Razor blades included.Freddy uses it right back at Nancy, since her return to the real world where she can defeat him turns out to still be a dream.Coach SchneiderThe one at the end of the original film is probably the most well-known. He lets Nancy believe that she actually defeated him and that her mother and friends are still alive, and two minutes later he reveals it was just a cruel illusion.he enters the dormant Jason's dreams and takes the form of Pamela Voorhees to revive Jason and get him to go wreak havoc in Springwood, all in an attempt to regain the power to kill again.It's her brother Rick.This is a dream. He's behind you. the money they retrieved from an old Nazi bunker is forged They are not forged, are they?? Egon's presence happens to be linked to the interior being destroyed, twice, making the keeper unfriendly to Egon And by the end of movie 13, this actually happens. the villainous Baron von Loevenvold suffers the fate he had in mind for Egon, i.e. being walled up aliveFamous Last Words Though subverted in that certain secret Satan worshipers are deliberately being dismissive.Except the third movie, although even then, Damien does manage to cause a lot of pain and death before he's finally taken down.Damien's real father is the Devil... and his mother was a jackal.Cathy's deathon his scalpIt doesn't workKatherine Thorn Even the big final fights are one sided with the opponent usually getting only one or two hits in. Except in 2, where Fei Hung and Yuan-Shu were nearly equal in skill. he's revealed as human trafficker, holds the governor at the knife point and is openly talking about killing him and sailing away scot-free Wong Fei-hung slays the American Big Bad by flinging a bullet so hard that it punches through his head Tiger, Jackson's Dragon, The leader of Shaho gangHigh Priest Kung He didn't live long enough to get there except that all he had was an iron breastplate concealed beneath his tunic Sadly averted in the next second where Luke got shot in an area where his own watch couldn't protect him.possessed-Katie is built in the land where Katie and Kristi's childhood home formerly stood. Micah and Dan, to some degree (if you hold him accountable for the passing of the demon to Katie) the house is built on the site of Katie's childhood home, and thus Santa Rosa all over again. Kristi is dragged down the staircase and into the basement, after which she gets possessed, then exorcised. Three weeks later, possessed-Katie (from the end of the first movie) returns to Kristi's house on the final night, kills both Dan and Kristi, and walks off with Hunter.Dennis and Julie are the only ones who don't get possessed at some point; instead, they're both killed. Leila slowly succumbs to Toby's influence. She doesn't get better.Regardless of what ending you get for the first film, someone ends up dying. In two of them, both of the people you've just spent an hour and a half trying to relate to die. In the last one, you just get horror.On the final night of Paranormal Activity 2, Possessed-Katie enters the house. And leaves nothing living inside. All except for Hunter, who she kidnaps.On the last night in Paranormal Activity 3, the demon strangles Julie, snaps Dennis' spine in half, and the grandmother and her cult friends essentially hand Katie and Kristi over to the demon.All the main characters in Paranormal Activity 4 are killed and Possessed!Katie takes Wyatt/Hunter with what appears to be the cult, far larger in number.Every main character in Ghost Dimension except Leila is brutally killed and Toby gains a corporeal form 4 implies the demon desires to utilize Hunter/Wyatt as a new host, but Ghost Dimension shows that it needs his blood to make itself a corporeal human body of its own.Micah's face is scratched, Katie's isn't. On the final night, Micah is killed by the demon. Micah does a "slash the throat" motion towards the camera when talking about how to "respond appropriately" to what's going on. Katie slashes her own throat.the demon blows the electricity in the house. At the end, she comes face-to-face with a lot of coven members at the same house. Alex ends up as said sacrifice. Grandma Lois In The Ghost Dimension, when it grows powerful enough, Toby eventually forms into a lanky human-ish monster shrouded by shadows with an utterly inhuman face and Glowing Eyes of Doom. It finally becomes this fully when it gains a corporeal body of its own. (until the sixth movie, at least) Katie, who became the demon's host, Ali (and maybe Abby) who was not in the house when all goes to hell, Hunter, who was abducted by possessed-Katie, Randy, who got the hell out of dodge, the babysitter, who also got out while she still could, and the sisters' grandma Lois, who was the mastermind of the whole thing.Katie becomes the demon's host and abducts Hunter five years prior. when they're at the grandmother's house, he sets up the camera in the bedroom when he has no reason to believe a ghost has followed them. Then, when the shit hits the fan, he carries the camera around with him, even picking it up when he drops it when he's in danger.possessed-KatieLoisPossessed-Katie snaps Dan's neck in 2. In 3, the demon snaps Dennis' neck and back, commando-style. Possessed-Katie kills Ben at the computer Julie's mom break-inlooking for the tapes of the girls as childrenJust before Possessed-Katie lunges at the camera in 1's theatrical ending, she sports an ear-to-ear smile. Her smile when she's laying on the bed after her Voice of the Legion kicks in may also qualify as she is smiling for all the wrong reasons. After Possessed-Katie kills Dan and Kristi in 2, she sports the same smile while holding Hunter. The fully-formed demon in The Ghost Dimension flashes an evil grin at least once at the camera. Witches Covenant is and how others besides Katie are marked for possession by the demon.Katiethrow Micah's body across the bedroom (after heaving it all the way upstairs)Dan and Ben's Kristi Jesse Lois killing Dennis a possessed KatieToby's visible, Humanoid Abomination form.the demon's true shape starts out as a swirly mass of dark energy tendrils that can configure itself into whatever shape it wants, but tends to prefer a Humanoid Abomination shape taller than a human beingAfter Katie becomes possessed and kills Micah, his blood is splattered over her light-coloured pyjamas. She is still wearing them when she returns to Dan and Kristi's house the following night.The ending has Micah's body being thrown at the camera, knocking it off its tripod. So, he borrows one instead.Just before the now possessed Katie lunges at the camera, she stares directly into it while sporting a truly unsettling Psychotic Smirk. at this point however it's too late because Katie had started the beginning phase of being possessed.Micah's body is thrown at the camera, especially with his body suddenly appearing out of the darkness.and then there's suddenly a loud, demonic roar followed by a huge banging sound.KatiesheThe theatrical versionPossessed-Katie slits her own throat until the very end where he saves the day. fight off his demonic wife and he won. Dan rescuing Hunter from a demonic Kristi.possessed-Kristi Kristi gets possessed Dan has to save her and Hunter. but pointless The way he achieves saving the souls of his family rubbed a good chunk of the audience the wrong way. Until she gets possessed. Katie's possession. cursing his sister-in-law Katie, to save his infant son. cursing his wife's older sister. It works, until Katie gets possessed by the same demon to take Hunter like it originally intended to do. The exorcism of Kristi. Unfortunately, the demon simply took control of Katie and returned to finish what it started.Ali is the only member of the family that survives because she was on a field trip the night Possessed-Katie murders her father and step-mother, and abducts her baby brother.Kristi being dragged down the stairsAbby the dog was last mentioned staying the night at the vet's. Flash forward three weeks, and she's apparently absent for Katie's rampage.Lois.Lois At the end of the film, Dennis tries approaching Katie whose back is facing him. Unfortunately after turning around we learn she's possessed and she sends him flying across the room. Unsurprisingly but sadly, he is unsuccessful.the closetGrandma's houseLight-Brite to save her father and brother from Katie The campaign ends on a (now finished) livestream where Jacob reviews the sixth tape only for his house to go out and him to be killed before his possessed daughter and exwife. It's implied his exwife was a member of the coven who asked the demon to help her get her daughter back and make her join the coven. Alex trying to rescue her father and brother from a demonic Katie was incredibly impressive considering how frightened and vulnerable she was at the time. Alex dies trying to rescue Wyatt from a witch army. that her story takes place after her friend Alex dies.she's almost killed and she has the footage to prove it Robbie, the child living with Katie from across the street Especially after The Reveal that he, and not Robbie, is Hunter.Ben comes into the house while there's (apparently) no one home, and stays long enough to hear noises upstairs. He decides to investigate, which causes him to stay and leave cult-related reading material on Alex's computer. Cue Katie... Subverted with the rest of the cast since Alex and her parents never figure out exactly why they are being haunted. This directly contrasts with all the other PA movie protagonists.Alex's mother and Ben are killed in the early afternoon gives it her all to rescue the target of the demon's hauntings.And to get killed by the demon.his "imaginary friend" doesn't like him. When Ben asks who wouldn't like him, Robbie replies with "You'll see."with Spanish-language newspapers, hinting that the owners spent time in Mexico or near the border. Cue The Stinger, which hints at the coven having been there already... Robbie is left to live with Alex and her family for a short time when Katie goes missing. The hauntings obviously go worse from then on. Unfortunately, his adoption is all part of the demon's plan.The reason Katie goes after Ben. Of course, other than the fact the demon disliked him already.While they do remember to check the footage a few times, most of the truly supernatural occurrences go completely unnoticed. And the events that Alex records personally are never revisited, even when she threatens to show it to her parents.It is also the first time in the franchise we see the demon itself, or, at least, outlined in IR dotsWhen Katie and/or Toby try to asphyxiate Alex in the garage with a running car, she breaks into it and, instead of simply shutting the engine off (which would still leave her trapped in a toxic environment,) she backs it up and smashes through the garage door in order to escape into fresh air. We're lead to believe that Robbie is really Hunter throughout most of the movie, until it's revealed to be Wyatt. Robbie isn't Hunter at all, it is in fact Wyatt, Alex's adopted brother.finds out anything about what's happening, or why it's happening. The closest they come is Ben finding out "freaky shit" about the demon's sigil and the coven, but nothing more than what we, the audience, already knew about it from previous filmsall that has been accomplished is that Hunter/Wyatt has been raised as a normal boy and then broken and reclaimed, the entire family has been killed, and that the coven has grown A LOTKatie and Robbie LOVE doing thisseeing as how The Tall Man and later, Mike, are gold spheressince he is impersonating a human who ventured into his worldMike being pulled through a mirror by lurkersthe spheres holding the brains of dead people, and Mike being from the Tall Man's world keeps coming back.Jodythe spheres and the Tall Man, himself So were the amputated fingers. At least until one turned into an evil alien bug. Did we mention that this is one weird flick?The film ends with a Mike closing a closet door with a mirror on it, revealing that The Tall Man is in his room. He is then grabbed by the lurkers through the said mirrorhe then urinates himself all over the floor when he hits the ground. Mike is in his room - he closes the closet door to reveal the Not Quite Dead Tall Man standing behind him.The Liz CreatureThe Gold Sphere hits him right in the back and proceeds to drill right into his body, the mortician writing in agony, until it tries to leaves through his mouth but gets jammed in his jaws.Reggie's family, including his young daughter, are killed after the Tall Man blows up their houseReggie's unseen family gets blown up so that he'll be motivated to go after The Tall Man together with Mike Tall Man once again. The Tall Man:Even after deathThe film ends with Tim being taken taken and killed by one of The Tall Man's lurkers, if his absence in the next film is anything to go by.This incarnation of The Tall man then retaliates by unleashing the golden sentinel within his bodyJody-sphere latches itself onto Rufus's head, and starts spinning around, removing it where they then mutate into alien scorpion-like creatures that attack the protagonistsLizAs usual, one comes from The Tall Man at the end of the film: The Tall Man: It's never over.The living, twisted body in the trunkwhich fails to kill him since another version of him appears right afterwardsThe film ends with Mike dying and Reggie going off into parts unknown to follow the Tall Man.which he uses to kill Jennifer after she turns out to be one of The Tall Man's minionsLiz and Tim. In the "main" reality, the Tall Man issued a full on invasion and took over much of the world.The movie plays around with the idea that the entire series is Reggie's delusions as he grows older and gets Senile Dementia.Reggie finally finds Mike and Jody, but they're all still stuck in a battle against the Tall man, who for all intents and purposes is unstoppable Rocky turns up in The Stinger. Dawn would have invited him into her bed, if she hadn't come back downstairs and found him already asleep. The Tall Man has taken over the world. a very battered but still living Chunk comes crawling out of a portal in the desert and meets up with Rocky. Mike returns in this movie, still alive and powers intact. How the Tall Man took over the world.(one of them, at least) performs a Heroic Sacrifice in the endClouseauClouseauClouseauClouseauClouseauturns Clouseau to the dark side and gets him to become her consortLady Litton (Clouseau's ex-wife) steals the Pink Panther diamond, and this time the Littons apparently hang on to it permanently Charles DreyfusRoger Moore plays the post-Magic Plastic Surgery Clouseau. Nicoletta Braschi, Roberto Benigni's wife and frequent costar Jacques's twin sister Clouseau had Magic Plastic Surgery he now looks, and is played by, Roger Moore, and Moore and the James Bond movies exist in this universe The death of Novak at the end definitely fits this. Derrick'spenis the piranhas throughout the movie were actually babies, and a man-sized adult piranha eats one of the protagonists. the Jerkass porn producer dies. Not that any of this stops her becoming fish food of course. He makes up for it by rescuing Kelly and blowing up the boat along with hundreds of piranhas.severed penisa cockfight. a giant piranha leaps out of the water, and snatches a character off the boat?an undead monkey Blackbeard thanks mainly to his Karmic DeathNorrington's Heroic Sacrificewith the intention to destroy the Fountain of Youth.Captain Teaguethe redcoatJack.JackAngelica has Philip apparently killed in front of Syrena in an attempt to make her cry. She knows Syrena's "too tough" to do so under those circumstances, but crying tears of joy when she later finds out that the man she's fallen in love with is still alive, however...Barbossaget his revenge on Blackbeard for sinking the Pearl, he joins up with the King's navy as a privateer, uses his well-trained crew and the King's considerable resources to travel to the Fountain of Youth, then takes his revenge on Blackbeard, claims Blackbeard's ship and crew, and uses them to return to piracy.Poisoned Chalice Switcheroo at the end of On Stranger Tides.It doesn't end well.BootstrapWill get stabbed by Davy Jones. He then proceeds to tackle Jones in a flying rage, allowing Captain Jack to use Will's hand to stab Davy's heart.the Black Pearl has sunk while Barbossa was its captain.Will is killed and comes back from the deadPhilip and Syrena.Jack and Angelica, until Jack turns and mutters "I need to go."the Spaniard is a more ruthless version of Commodore NorringtonBarbossa gets the Pearl back at the end of the third movie, as Jack sails off in a dinghy.Elizabeth's son is singing in the third film's Stinger, as he's about the same age his mom was at the start.Angelica.Elizabeth is elected Pirate King, and Gibbs says this line quite earnestly as he presents a boat for her.James Norrington stabs Davy Jones with the same weapon, who then calmly removes it and remarks, "mmm... nice sword." Later, Jones uses the exact same sword to stab its creator, Will Turner.Mr Gibbs is sitting on a beach with the Black Pearl in a bottle, waiting for Jack. Doesn't do him much good in the long run, though... pirate king full-on pirate captain of the Flying Dutchman Raghetti's wooden eyehe uses to carve out Will's heart after Davy Jones is killed. allows her to negotiate a Parley with Barbossa becomes a Pirate Lord, and then Pirate King inspires the troops with a speech about the power of piracyBarbossa and BlackbeardThe suggestion doesn't go down so well.during the fight over the key.controls the rigging of the Queen Anne's Revenge, and can apparently control the rigging of other ships as well. It also controlled the wind when pointed, as shown at the end when Barbossa lets down the sails with it, then throws the boat forward by the wind, catching everyone off guard, including Barbossa. Before duelling Blackbeard he claims the sword is nothing to fear away from the RevengeWillshot and killed BarbossaJack (who was retrieved from Davy Jones's Locker)Will (who was made captain of the Flying Dutchman after being killed by and then killing Jones)Bootstrap (who was sent to the bottom of the ocean while undead)Barbossa (whom Tia Dalma resurrected)Governor Swannchooses... poorly. Barbossa even gets a peg leg in the fourth movieAccording to Word of God, Will is freed from his curse during the Post-Credits scene because Elizabeth remained faithful to him.Philip and Syrena in the 4th movie. And boy, did they earn it.free Calypso, who brought him back, else she'll withdraw her power and let him die againand become immortal.the Fountain of YouthBarbossa, to Blackbeardthe Spanish, to everyoneWill after removing his heart and becoming the captain of the Flying Dutchmanget married under fire, and even share a kiss.Tia Dalma is later revealed to be the sea goddess Calypso, and released from her human form.Barbossa's boots and the heart medallion that forms a pair with Davy Jones'sactually Anjelicaabandoning him to be eaten by the Kraken. He could easily have treated her the same when the Flying Dutchman started to flounder; instead he unhesitatingly rescued her.him getting her captured.Unlike most depictions, its use involves Human Sacrifice.He readily sacrifices his chance at immortality to save Will's life. And then he does it again to save Angelica.he got his ship back He actually bartered his way onto a smuggler's vessel when they landed to pick up their rum cache. He was hiding on the Flying Dutchman.due to her heavy guilt of leaving Jack to die at the hands of the Krakenby releasing Calypsofatally stabs WillJack ultimately breaks out of it by sacrificing said immortality to save Will's life.Norrington as a straight example in the third film and Jack as a subversion in the second (as Elizabeth rightly doubts his courage and "helps him" act appropriately), as well as Norrington also subverting it - or at least playing with it - by taking the empty Dead Man's Chest and running off, commanding the others to abandon him while never letting on that he has the heart of Davy Jones. As a result, he does legitimately save them from danger, but he also gains an excellent excuse to escape with his ill-gotten gains.Blackbeardwhoever has his swordlures Jack into kissing herher plans of chaining Jack against a nearby mast, so the Kraken kills only him, and not all the crew.he's just fled with her jewelled earring in his mouth!the person they were looking fora coconut on the end of a rope.which turns out to be Angelica in disguise."The Dutchman must have a captain."to kill a child, onscreen. In the first scene of the third movie, no less.to kill The Kraken. Judging from his reaction, Jones was quite attached to the giant ship-eating monster, with Beckett even referring to it as his "pet".Gleefully so. Subverted when he appears to kill Philip, but only uses poison to knock him out. Said subversion is the justified by his using Philip to get Syrena's tear.When his ship and crew are being swarmed by mermaids, he refuses to help or even recognize their plight, passing it off as "seagulls nesting" when the officers point out their crew's screams of terror. Admittedly, it's not like he could have actually saved them, but it was still pretty cold.Norrington, Beckett, Governor Swann, Sao Feng, Davy Jones, and the poor Kraken. Debatable whether or not Tia Dalma fits the bill. Many assume that Tia Dalma was killed, but that Calypso ascended. And now Blackbeard. Although you can never know with him.JackSao FengNorringtonWill Angelica and, earlier, by Bill Turner when he fully joined Jones's crew.release Calypso specifically so expansion and progress by man across the seas will be more difficult.Spanish, whose actual goal is to destroy the Fountain of Youth, not use it.she saved him during the mermaid attackwhy he came to save her after Blackbeard had tied her up in an attempt to get one of her tears.only for it to fail. Cue everyone pulling their triggers and failing. Turns out that all the guns had gotten waterlogged after the fall off the Inevitable Waterfall. That defuses the situation pretty quickly.mermaid's tear.Captain's Quarters in the introduction segment of the original ride.get the ship out from the bottlehe drank from the wrong chalice.shoots BarbossaJack wasted his shotstabs Will through the heart Elizabeth Swannherhis new ship, Queen Anne's Revenge.encountering Blackbeard, who deprives him of both the Black Pearl and his leg. He "sold out" to the Crown only to get a chance to make even with his nemesis, and he tears his letter of marque at the end.Tia Dalma, aka Calypsowhen Syrena's glass coffin breaks, she is forced to walk on land. Her tail changes to legs, and every step causes her agonizing pain. These details are obviously borrowed from Andersen's fairy tale.Latios'sUnless you're Serena. getting sucked up with waterthe Sunglasses Krokorok! The mayor is the villain in the sixth movie, causing a crime wave to devalue property so he can buy it cheap.The leak is Harris himself, who is unknowingly telling Mr Big - who is secretly the mayor - everything about the police's efforts to stop the Wilson Heights Gang as part of his typical brownnosing.It's very, very hard to say much about the villain - and his motives - in the sixth movie without giving it all away. The Beast recover Carol Anne from the other side of the closet He's hallucinating Justified when it's revealed that there's an insanely-malign ghost sharing the house with a bunch of inoffensive/trapped ones. One of the ghosts' distractions in order to kidnap Carol Anne. friendly yet lonely Nope - it's regrouping... and it's pissed... saves Maddie from the other dimension which causes her to be taken to the other dimension. go to the other dimension and become Maddie's guide Kendra experiences it first-hand and Maddie goes missing. Maddie Maddie's disappearance The other dimension. Knowing that the Bowens will always be hunted by the spirits because of their attraction to Maddie, Carrigan ends up deciding to enter the other dimension to guide them to the light instead. However, the ending implies that he survives, which The Stinger outright confirms.They respond by driving off before the realtor has a chance to finish her sales pitch. it's completely mundane and not related to the supernatural at all. after Maddie's gone her my sister survive going to the other dimension Fortunately, he survives. the last words he heard before Maddie goes to the other dimension.after they retrieve Maddie from the other side only to find the ghosts haven't been exorcised and really want their guide back. Carrigan does indeed survive after having entered the other dimension.Maddie: But it's not. he ends up having to rescue Popeye and Olive Oyl instead of the other way around. The disguise was very short-lived. In the next strip, Popeye and the owner of the diner suspected that something was up and proved it was Wimpy by making him a new mustache out of horsehair. In the end, Wimpy had to wash dishes to pay for the large bill that he had accrued by then. Predator 2's black protagonist survivesMombasa dies SECOND.BillyJerry LambertHanzoNoland's death.only for the Predator to slice him in half without much difficulty. Considering he was a Jerkass however, it's not hard to feel whether or not the moment was truly wastedand the Classic Predator in the third.Harrigan cuts its hand (with the self-destruct) off. Nicholai's heroic sacrificeBy then, she had done an Enemy Mine with the Predator, so refrained from saying such to him.Harrigan stops the countdown by cutting the device in half, having heard that it could blow up over three hundred city blocks.Billy and Dannychallenges a Predator to a sword/blade fight. The Predator drops his cloaking and weapons.Billy in Predator, Jerry Lambert in Predator 2, Nikolai and Hanzo in Predators. Rudolf doesn't wait for her to aim properly. and ends up killing Michael because of itExcept the body double was part of the group that conspired to assassinate him in the first place.Easygoing Alex, who seems perfectly happy helping with the lighting at the prom rather than attending with a date.who turns out to be Alex Hammond, who is seeking to avenge the death of his sister RobinThey don't realize someone else figured out what happened.All but one of the secret keepers die, the surviving target's secret is exposed, destroying his reputation, and the killer gets an Alas, Poor Villain sendoff as he dies in his sister's arms while sobbing about his other sister's death and the injustice of her killers covering it up. Not to mention the prom is completely ruined.Kim is built up to be one, but it is then subverted when it's revealed that she wasn't a target at allThe film does, however, feature a final boy with Nick, the only target to live. All three female targets die.when she realizes that the killer is her brother AlexWhen the killer goes after Nick, Kim does everything in her power to stop him, which ultimately leads to his deaththe real killer is offing prom attenders practically under his nose. Nick, the only one of Robin's tormentors who seems to feel any guilt about her death is the only one who survives the film.The escaped psychopath Leonard Murch (who got the blame for Robin's death six years ago), the weird Mr. Sykes and Kim's father, who conveniently disappears once the killings around the schoolgrounds are discoveredby a blow to the head with a blunt instrumentKim's dad has disappeared to in the end of the movieAlex. Wrong.The film is considered to be an Ur-Example of a Slasher film. While not a perfect fit of the Final Girl that has become conventional in later years, Lila can be considered a prototype since she is the one who investigates her sister's disappearance and survives her confrontation with the killer, albeit not by her own doing. Then we find out the trope still holds true - but from beyond the grave. Norman has a slight one at the very endand thus cements in the end that Norman did it all because he's insane, and Marion was nothing special in terms of choosing who to kill.The Queen's "return" in the fifth film has this trope played completely straight, though.One is the last to die.Zombie Spencer is shot by Alice, after being killed by Licker and turned into a zombie. Also happen to J.D and Rain. One ends up sliced into itty bitty pieces by the Red Queen's lasers.At one point, J.D. is pulled into an elevator and attacked by a group of zombies. However, when he turns up later on as a zombie, he is almost completely whole, so the zombies just infected him with the T-virus and didn't eat him.Kaplan becomes this as soon as he gets behind the controls of the train for the ride out. Commando 1 has his fingers cut by the first laser and dies because out of shock. Commando 2 attempt to jump the secound laser and is cut in half when the laser goes up. The Medic is decapitated by the first laser beam.SpenceSpence the Hive's employees get wiped out.As of the fifth film, she seems to have gone full heel.Alice is the only one able to escape the Hive without getting killed or infected. She does get "infected" after she escapes, though.KaplanSubverted when it turns out Kaplan just shot a zombie and is looking for another way out.J.D.SpenceRain OcampoSpenceUmbrella's elite investigation squad before being shut down.Yes, she did murder the entire Umbrella research facility staff, but she was only following her main directive to prevent a T-Virus outbreak.at least until Umbrella unseals the facility and lets all the zombies loose.When the series hits the fifth film, however, she seems to have gone full-on evil.Then he makes it out alive and comes back to save everyone. Then he dies at the last minute anyway.In this film, anyway.Spence and Alice were pretending to be a married couple. Near the end of the movie, Spence betrays Alice and is turned into a zombie. After she kills him, she drops her wedding ring next to his body. Alice walks out of the hospital to find that she's in a deserted (except for zombies) Raccoon CitySpenceKaplan pulls off a Big Damn Heroes moment by frying the Red Queen and unlocking the doorRainhours after being bitten by a zombie. The Medeiros girl the boy(s) in the attic from the first and second film. The true nature of the Virus.several infected young boysand is (presumably) killed off-camera in the second film. A rare pre-story case. The Church was searching for a medical cure for demonic possession. They were able to find the enzyme which caused demonic possession. Unfortunately, it mutated and spread. Now instead of a demon taking over one person, the demon can take over everybody who is infected.The Medeiros girl's extensive emaciation and unsettlingly huge jaw invoke this trope in a way that would give The Enigma of Amigara Fault a run for its moneyIt's explained in the tie in comic (REC: Historias Ineditas) that the Medeiros girl was raped by three priests and that's how she became possessed.While the infection certainly has a biological aspect, the end of the first movie strongly suggests, while the sequel confirms, that Demonic Possession also has a part in it.The Medeiros girl. She can only affect you if you're in total darkness. Nobody survives the virus. The second film confirms it: the virus is actually the vehicle of a worm-like demonic entity which uses it to control the infected and jump its mind from one to another, and is able to talk with different voices in different bodies (an infected 40 year old talking with the voice of the infected little girl is disturbing).Samara's uncontrollable power ostracized her to her own parents (who eventually killed her because of them.)he did it as a last, desperate resort to stop her evil powers. He is extremely reluctant to do it, and he immediately breaks down sobbing after he pushes her inSadako can bring him backSadako was sealed inside the well when she was a young adult, however Ring 2 reveals that she was in her 40's when she died. There are many theories as to why she took that long to die (including the use of a Healing Factor, The Power of Hate, etc.), but the fact remains that she was trapped down there, in the dark, for 30 years. Ouch. Samara, too, though to a much lesser extent. Rachel theorizes that Samara survived for seven days inside the well before dying, which was why she gave those cursed by the videotape seven days to live. It's much more plausible for her to survive that long as opposed to 30 years, but she still couldn't escape once trapped there. And she's just a little girl. four characters survive the films, excluding Rasen since characters are resurrected. Sadako, Ryuji, and Ando's son Takanori are all resurrected in Spiral.Akiko shoots both Etsuko and herself in the head Kakiuchi commits suicide after killing Akane. Sure, it may be because he's an Ax-Crazy by this point, but it's not hard to think that he just want to die on his own terms, rather than have Nagi and/or Sadako do the job.her good sideSadako's influence gives him similar powers to hershis mother dies super-sonic screams. Kakiuchi kills Akane. despite thinking that they have freed Sadako from the well, Ryuji is still killed by the curse, since the only way to stop the curse is to copy it and show it someone else. To save her son, Reiko proceeds to make Yoichi copy the tape and show it to her father, dooming him in the process. Mai is killed, while Ando is forced to cooperate with Sadako and Ryuji in spreading the curse under the threat that Sadako will activate the dormant ring virus inside him should he refuses. In return, Ando's son, Takanori, whom he grieves to the point of almost committing suicide, is resurrected. This is quite depressing for the universe, but at least Ando's objective is fulfilled. the curse has not yet stopped and Reiko is killed in the most Dropped a Bridge on Him way possible, but at least Yoichi has found a new mother figure in Mai. Oh, and Okazaki also becomes insane by Kanae's hauntings, but well, his karma for being a coward. many people are killed, but Akane manages to both save Takanori from Sadako and expel Sadako's influence on her, so this may classify as a happy ending for some. Akane is killed in front of her daughter, Nagi, but the latter has found a new mother figure in her aunt, Fuko, who has practically raised her from birth, anyway. Kashiwada is killed too. The Stinger, though, implies that this peace may not last long... Kaoru dies during his search for a vaccine to neutralize the Ring virus in the real world. However, the vaccine is found, and Kaoru manages to say one last message for his lover, Reiko: Happy Birthday. her supersonic screams were the one that killed the lunatic who threatened her and her friends back when she was young, and they also destroyed all of those Sadako clones at the end. the reason why Sadako wants her to be her host. she's not the source of the new curse (which makes Takanori's abandonment all the more jerkass). a journal on the tape becomes a carrier for the curse.Tomoko's spirit tells Yoichi to watch the tape. Ryuji later expresses his belief that "she isn't Tomoko any more"Noah's corpseThe protagonist's copy of the tape. who got resurrected the horses killed themselves she's not the cause of the curse. Toyama is one of the casualties of Sadako's rampage after she merges with her Superpowered Evil Side, and he dies rather unceremoniously, too, if his screams are any indication. not only is Toyama spared from being involved in those horrors, he gets to live a long and meaningful life without Sadako. On his deathbed, he even welcomes Sadako, who comes to ease his passing. Takashi Yamamura, Sadako's uncle, seeks death after the actions he caused in the past.Akiko shoots the crying and hysterical Etsuko, and then herself, both through the head, rather than die at Sadako's handsRichard Morgan Dr. Kawajiri in Ring 2, and Takashi Yamamura to an extent. Reiko being hit by a bus. Again, there's no explanation why it suddenly occurs. As far as we know, it's not part of the curse.Richard The End of the World as We Know It isn't. the phone only rings at the cabin.her wrinkly, rotted features are seen for the first timethe ending scene with Noah Ryuji Takayama or Hiroshi Toyama (or possibly even both)Okazaki'sBeing haunted for the rest of his life by Kanae, whom he allowed to die by not copying and passing on the tape. That's not the only thing that will be coming out of the television screen.EtsukoHope and Crosby say that "the world must never know" their contentsIt's implied that Kanemitsu is being lied to about what's really going on in Detroit by both the remnants of OCP and The head of Rehabs. He bows his head to RoboCop at the end of the film Murphy later gets better. RoboCop aims and fires through the woman's skirt; she is unhurt, but the shot hits the perp squarely in the groininitially unknown fourth directive is a plot point.Dick Jones RoboCop wins, but only because of a bizarre, but logical, time travel plot involving no less than three timeline alterations. Murphy STILL wins defeat Rocky in the exhibition match. Tommy GunnRocky technically losing, but still winning a moral victory Drago killed Apolloculminating in a sympathetic tragic death (who later turns on Rocky in one of the classic plotlines associated with this trope) Once Mickey dies, Rocky was more reluctant to fight Tommy, despite instigating the fight, only because he still cares for the guy. After Rocky gives Tommy quite a beat down, he offers him his hand, where Tommy practically accepted his defeat and ended the fight on good terms with Rocky. He even starts getting the respect he always wanted. Rocky doesn't punch Duke in the face. However, he still denied him the satisfaction of profiting off a fight with him when taking Tommy on. It's also safe to say that Tommy knew better by this point.Apollo's own quest ends with his death after his match with Drago. Averted in the first and last movies where a moral victory is deemed to be more significant (in the first, Rocky going the distance with Apollo, in the last, Rocky ridding himself of his demons), but aside from that, survivedJigsaw himself dies at the end of the third film, although he still appears in the sequels via flashbacks.none of them succeedexcept the fifth oneDoofy turns out to be the real Ghostface killer, and murders all of Cindy's friends and the two idiots copying him. He's then revealed to have been working together with the female reporter covering the story, and they both drive off before they can be caught. Ray while repeatedly stabbing Bobby with a knife.Buffythe apparently retarded officer. Then again it is a parody. Ray gets seemingly killed by a penis through the ears, though he gets better.Can you believe Doofy?who's actually the villain.Officer Doofy actually isn't retarded at all, and was the mastermind behind all the murders He gets better. Alex gets raped as well, but she gets into it.who, at the end of the movie, is hit by a bus Stu Roman'scast Jill off in a tragic light, with a final shot of her face as the press are waiting to talk to her like she wantedSidney, Gale and Dewey have survived all four movies Steven Stone and John Milton in Scream 3, Charlie Walker in Scream 4 All but the third movie have two people alternating as Ghostface, though usually one of them has a more personal motive for the killings, while the other killer just goes along with it. Billy, Mrs. Loomis, and Jill all had their own reasons, while Stu, Mickey, and Charlie were somehow talked into being their respective accomplices. Ghostface's dead and the heroes have lived to go on fighting and living another day, but most of the characters you have cared about are now dead and aren't coming back... unless they're still alive but barely. Billy and Roman. Sidney also shoots Mrs. Loomis in the head, but she was probably already dead. Steve Orth and Neil Prescott Derek Dewey, Gale and Milton Charlie and Trevorhe gets attacked and very badly sliced up in every film but also manages to survive them all.Romanhis biological mother, Rina Reynolds (real name Maureen Prescott)Billy (who also had a grudge against Maureen for breaking up his parents' marriage) and Stu to rape and murder Maureen and frame Cotton WearyBilly and Stu'sBilly's mother orchestrated the murder plot of the second movie as a means of killing Sidney and avenging her son's deathRoman'shis birth mother, but the family she replaced him with as well (i.e. Sidney)By the end of the movie, Sidney and her friends have killed him too.Jill Roberts, Sidney's own cousin, has plotted her own nefarious plot to not only get revenge on Sidney, but to claim her celebrity status as a Final Girl. And even though Jill dies and Sidney, Dewey, and Gale still surviveOlivia'sRebeccaPerkins, Robbie, Charlie, and potentially KirbyJill and Sidney at the hospital Bella Thorneincluding RandySidney, being the lead character, is the only one to escape this trope despite not being a virgin at the end of the first film.Stu Macher Billy Loomis Prescotts Loomisesis arguably among the greatest subversions ever. She masterminded the killings and planned to frame someone else for it so that she could play this trope and get her 15 Minutes of Fame, much like her cousin Sidney did. Stu in the first film Billy Roman Bridger since he masterminded Billy and Stu into killing his own mom then in turn the Woodsboro murders his own killings by killing his cast and trying to kill Sidney, his half-sister, as well while appearing as their dead mom Jill, who openly admits that she's evil, citing that "sick is the new sane". the killers. Each time there have been two killers, one has turned on the other. And yet they never see it coming. SidneyBilly Loomis in the first film, Mrs. Loomis in the second, Roman Bridger in the third, and Jill Roberts in the fourth Randy lampshades this with Billy, who promptly reveals himself to be not quite dead. Sidney very calmly shoots him in the head Gale and Sidney expect Mrs. Loomis to be this, and then Mickey jumps up behind them screaming. They shoot and kill him, and then Sidney shoots the (probably already dead) Mrs. Loomis in the head, just to be sure Roman play this straight, until Dewey shoots him in the head shows Jill survive a defibrillator on full power to the head, and she gets up and attempts to stab the characters in the back with a shard of glass. Sidney, fully expecting it, turns around and shoots her in the heart, killing her.Deputy PerkinsFour of the killers over the series, including the duos in both the first and fourth movies, are teenagers, including the original killers Billy Loomis and Stu Macher, both of whom killed Sidney's mother; all of these teens except for maybe Charlie Walker are seriously dislikable when they are revealed to be Ghostface the Killer.Considering he's one of the killers, though, he knows things the rest of the cast don't... taking Alessa and burning her nearly to deathCybil doesn't.Christabella, her fellow cultists, and Colin. Alessa is really the "bad guy" considering that the people she's fighting are the film's Greater Scope Villain, but she's definitely not morally innocuous given her willingness to harm the innocent, and her actions lead directly to the Downer Ending mentioned belowIn the end, Christabella and her fellow cultists are far from victorious. molested or raped Alessa Originally used on Alessa, sparking the events of the movie because it worked so well the first time almost everyone but Sean Bean and Kim Coates dies. The combined Alessa/Sharon at the end of the movie isn't quite as overtly frightening as Dark Alessa, but she's subtly disturbing in her own wayCybil is very graphically burned alive, gasping for her mother. Also, Christabella and the cultists. To save her daughter, Rose lets Dark Alessa hitch a ride inside her body into the church, knowing she'll slaughter the cultists. This sequence is actually far more likely to represent the Virgin Mary being impregnated by the Holy Ghost, given the several connections between Rose and the Virgin Mary made throughout the film, including an image engraved on her necklace. Rose is stuck in the Silent Hill version of her home while her husband is not. They are literally in the same room at the same time but in different worlds.The burned Alessa in the otherworld has become, essentially, a type of demon given over to hate and rage. before being burned alive turning an entire town into a living hell Alessa is behind all of the horrible things that go bump in the night in Silent Hill, but she's only created her nightmare world to punish the cultists who attempted to kill herChristabella gets a gruesome one before she is ripped in half, courtesy of Alessa's barbed wire. she's just a little girl who was seriously abused and then nearly killed by religious fanatics Alessa Gillespie is undeniably the primary antagonist, and even after the end she still continues to cause troubleCybil.Christabella as well as most of the people inside the Church get torn into pieces from the inside by demonic barbed wires controlled by the very child whose life they had turned into a living hell all those years ago Alessa is split into three beings: her adult body, her good side (Sharon), and her dark side (Dark Alessa). Dahliaimmediately before she is burned alive, when she's wearing a white dress who are technically the same person even if it means helping Alessa's dark side to kill the cultists. Rose, who fails to keep the mob from nearly killing her, but does cause them recognize subconsciously that they've done something wrong. Given that their sense of self-righteousness is all that's keeping the chaos outside from getting into their church, this is all that it takes to stop them permanently Cybil. Rather than get into the elevator with Rose, she stays behind to ostensibly hold off the cultists...except there's very little the cultists could do to stop the elevator once the door was closed.Alessa, who looks identical to her missing daughter Sharon.They should have known better than to hurt her so badly. Cybilskinning Anna The entire plot of the film is set off by their past decision to burn Alessa discovering Sharon, they tie her to a ladder and attempt to burn her alive as wellJohn ClayJames WindibankJohn TurnerCaptain John CalhounHolmesHolmesMoriartyPrince Charming and the Fairy GodmotherThe king's deatheating alternate-universe Gingy.Hint: It's the Fairy Godmother.is enlisted in first sequel to help Shrek stop Fiona from kissing Prince Charming in time by baking a giant version of the Gingerbread Maneven BEFORE he's changed back...headbutts her second wall.Who only functions as a steed for half of the second movie and a part of the fourth, but still.Famously averted with Shrek and Fiona; parodied with Donkey and Dragon. Cos she breathes fire, geddit? Aunt Martha. DEAR GOD, Aunt Martha! the young children murdered for being a bit bratty and kicking sand at Angela. Billy Angela The demented Aunt Martha took a mentally fragile boy and forced him to be the daughter she always wanted. Worse still this involved pretending to be his recently dead sister. Add in the trauma of losing his family and being raised by a lunatic, Peter ends up becoming a psychotic serial killer. There's a good reason she doesn't want another doctor taking a look at Angela...that is ultimately responsible for the whole mess due to her madness Angela, or rather Peter, holds Paul in his arms. Angela is actually Martha's nephew, Peter; the crazy old bat, upon winning custody of him, forced him to dress up as and pretend to be a girl because she wanted a girl and not a boy. Judy who is the killer and really a guy Susie Angela's real identity Angela refuses to swim in the lake with the other campers, and at one point, Judy asks why she always showers alone. Peter's family died in a boating accident and his aunt forced him to dress in women's clothing and otherwise pretend to be her niece, who she preferred but actually died in the accident. Also attributed to Peter/Angela going catatonic is the implication that he once witnessed his father with his homosexual lover. JudyWell, Peter witnessing his father and sister's deaths more accurately.Angela She wants a little girl to raise, not a boy. So she decides that when she is left with custody of Peter due to the death of his entire family, she has a right to force him to adopt his sister Angela's identity. Aunt Martha wanted to raise Peter as a girl because "she already has a son and it won't do", so as said above, she forced Peter to live with Angela's identity. Peter/ there is a Freeze-Frame Bonus in Return to Sleepaway Camp that shows a newspaper clipping about what Aunt Martha did to Peter and mentioning that she is in police custody. So presumably she did face the consequences of her actions, albeit offscreenAngela/Peter her/himself. Nothing is said to have to her/him. Angela MegPeterThe final shot of the film. Judy's kids Angela hacked Paul Paul is decapitated off-screen with a hatchet. Angela and her brother Peter, as kids, saw their father spooning which another man (not sex, just embracing lovingly), which seemed to confuse them more than anything else. Peter, now being forced to be a girl against his will, is now deeply confused about his own sexuality and flashes back to this when contemplating being hit on by Paul. Unable to sort his feelings out, he eventually winds up murdering Paul. RickyRicky's They have all wronged Angela. Ricky is murdering people out of some twisted desire to protect Angela. When in reality "Angela" is actually killing them personally.the end Judy's Until it turns out that "she" is a psychotic killer.Angela. Rather than view "her" as aimless psycho killer, you can actually pity her Sweet little Angela is the killer. And wait, she's not even Angela: she's Angela's brother Peter, as the real Angela died with the rest of his family, but Peter's crazy Aunt Martha forced him to adopt Angela's identity. accidentally cause the boating accident that kills most of the Baker family and kicks off the entire franchise Aunt Martha her forcing Peter to adopt the identity of his dead sister was horrifying and abusive to escalate to serial murder the bodies of butchered camp children I know you're going to like that name, won't you, Peter?The movie ends on Ronnie and Susie discovering "Angela's" secret, leaving their fates unknown. Ronnie winds up returning in one of the later films. Angela/PeterAngela the last victim of the filmArdenjust before she kills him Sil's son in the original movie witnessing the heroes incinerating her infant son with a flamethrower faking her death comes on TV again when Dan is watching and helps him realise she is still alive Stephen Arden gets killed after having sexual intercourse with Sil. after faking her death, see the next two entries after he somehow watched the same hair dye commercial on the TV that Sil watched. car, lots of gasoline, and a live victim. 'dies' in questionable circumstances, he doesn't think twice about sleeping with a horny attractive woman that suddenly appears before him. To be fair he probably didn't know she had the ability to regrow her thumb, and perhaps some blood left his head and went elsewhere. sewer confrontation towards Dan. Fitch How Sil's son dies. Sil almost goes the same. Stephen Arden's look on his face and what he's thinking when he realized he have just been used as an Unwitting Pawn for Sil to get her impregnated. Stephen Arden he found out he was having sex with Sil. Right before she claws him to death. M203-launched grenade into Sil's face. almost gets Preston and Laura killed. and ultimately fake her own death After Arden has sex with Sil to accomplish her goal of getting impregnated, Sil offs him when he started to realize who she really is and what he has done.his Senator fatherbut is killed in the process. Fitch and Arden dying by Sil's hands and being nearly killed himself with Dan and Laura substitute some test answers, to make sure they win a prize of a European tour so they can get to Italy and the VI form can meet their Italian suitors they left a huge hole in the ceiling which, though papered over, is discovered in the morning it turns out they hid the loot in a house that's since been acquired as St. Trinian's new base of operationsPoe flying through the trench of Starkiller Base with his wingmen and then flying into the weapon itself to destroy the oscillator and destabilize the weapon and the planet it's built into.Luke fails to destroy the Death StarLuke froze to death on HothC-3PO is accidentally broken by Jabbareused 4 years later in Smallville's tenth seasonThe N52 Superman's "solar flare" power brings him down to normal for a day after he uses it. Lois dies and Superman flies back in time to save her.Kara appears to smash it when she tries to convince her cousin that Krypton is not real, but in reality she destroyed a replica This exact origin is brought back in the Superman: Red Son story but it is not revealed until the end. Superman in this series is ironically a distant descendant of Lex Luthor with the "L" suffix being a contraction of his name. Professor Emil HamiltonIt's all Mxyzptlk's doing.Supergirl is coaxed into making her cousin believe Krypton never existed for his peace of mind (long story)and getting pwned by Daniel who's driving a pregnant woman and her husband to the hospital and takes the closed race track as a short-cutCommissaire Gibert after a failed ninja stuntEmiliena scene where Bad Santas break through a roadblock on rollerskates, with heavily-armed soldiers just staring at them in confusion and disbelief.She and Daniel finally do it in a small hidden chamber while dressed, and we get to see all of her left leg up to the hips, but no trace of underwear. The dimension of the original Mirage Comics for the Multiverse Did we mention the Mirage comics? AKA Raph Master Splinter dies In issue 44 they apparently kill Donatello. Sarah and John's actions in Terminator 2 are discussed to be this was 'postponed' to 2004, rather than 1997 as it 'originally' was one of more time-travelers interfering with the events of the first film in 1984a cyborg. Judgement Day is inevitable has its Judgement Day, it also has John Connor rising to power to lead the Resistance in the fight against the machinesThe T-800 gouging his fingers into John Connor's eye/face after being overheated and then supercooled(still counts as five cyborgs) Reese, Miles Dyson, the Terminator in T2 and T3, and Marcus Wright.The Humongous Mecha scooping up humans and dropping them in cages, as in The War of the Worlds. And Transformers too, given the same robots' shapeshifting abilities.makes the choice to risk (what seems to be at the time) humanity's best chance of winning the war in order to rescue a group of prisoners that happen to include Reese and may or may not already be dead.He also manages to take out a substantial SkyNet base, and the small victory there starts to give hope to the ResistanceMayor Burt Hartman only with a lion when Mac is hit by the bus and run over by a street cleaner, though he later shows a little blood after he's mauled by the lion boob jokes, a scantily-clad nun, and a closeup of a lion's testicles Mac being pushed in front of a bus In the end, the Stooges go sailing into the air, and, as luck would have it, they land right at the dentist's door...but Curly loses the offending tooth in the landing, eliminating any need to visit the dentist. (And Moe loses a tooth as well.) They later all become popular stars and save the orphanageHis father tooas a result of Curly and Larry trying to save a Dolphin when they accidentally clog its blowhole with said peanutPlot-Mandated Friendship Failure it turns out the resents the nuns because his father had made him go to boarding school and so he refuses to help them save the orphanage, but then he returns at the end to adopt Murph and Peezy, revealing that he's also rescued Peez's brother from the foster systembabies start urinating on the stooges, prompting them to squirt one another with the babies Alfred and Hector Alembick in King Ottocar's Sceptre Al Capone Rastopopolous Jorgen Diaz in The Broken Ear, who is killed off by his own time bomb, because he looked at the wrong clock. Another one is the shark in The Red Sea Sharks, who accidentally swallowed a mine. Snowy is the only one who remembers what happened Wolff (with blanks, though he did not know that)UFOWolffWolffWolff Mitsuhirato in The Blue Lotus, Frank Wolff in Explorers On The Moon. in King Ottokar's Scepter, Alembick's twin brother takes his place to steal the sceptre Pablo in  the Bird brothers working for the Sons of the Dragon Ridgewell the explorer in The Broken Ear and Tintin and the Picaros.He turns evil again by the time of Tintin and the Picaroshe initially helps the bad guys, but only because he believes that Tintin himself is the actual villainalthough his kind nature is really an act to throw Tintin off the trailThe Incans in notably Huascar, who started making the turn far earlier in the book than the rest of them didthrows himself out the airlock in an attempt to ensure that the rest have enough oxygen for the return trip The Sceptre of Ottokar Actually saves the day when he pinches Max Bird's wallet with the two parchments in itRastapopoulos a magpie his being unable to do anything against the IncaMitsuhirato Rastapopoulos wears it as a tattoo on his arm In some Spooky Photographs, Tomie has eyes on her neck or in her hair. Also when upset at being called a monster. And then the tumor orders them to cut the "original" face off and a few hours later the body starts sprouting a new face. their live-in maid poisoning all the children.get into the Sunnyside security room and incapacitate the cymbal monkeyThe third installment also has Woody's warning about Sunnyside not being as pleasant as they expect it to be, but even Woody didn't anticipate just how bad it would turn out to bewe can audibly hear the stitching of his right arm popWoody's right arm rips, as the stitching was already weakened tremendously from the tug-o-war with Scud in movie 1see though a disconnected eyediscover that Andy is looking for them after his mother donates them to the Daycare CenterThing is, had the plot of Toy Story 3 not have gone into motion, Andy would haveNot only is she also a dinosaur, but she's also a geek like Rex, and the credits epilogue reveals that they get along wellIn the end credits, he ends up doing just that in a Does This Remind You of Anything? scenethe garbage man wears a familiar-looking skull shirtwhat he does later in the movieThe aliens' obsession with The Claw from the first movie becomes a hilarious Brick Joke/Chekhov's Gun/Big Damn Heroes/Deus ex Machina all in oneThe Claw chooses who will go and who will stay!Buzz was too depressed to get out of his Heroic B.S.O.D. to prove he was still aliveHe was trying to rescue WheezyThey were really tickling himHeartwarmingly Reconstructed in 3Averted in Toy Story 3. The Pizza Planet truck is involved in the Back Story of the film's antagonist, but only (indirectly) leads him to disappointmentas it's the reason Lotso ended up at Sunnysidereturning to save the gang with the claw as they're about to be melted down, but the entire scene was done so well, who could gripe? Also, the writers did keep reminding us of their religious fascination with claws throughout the film. As well as have them taken off-screen early on during the dump sequencefacing the blazing eternity of Hell Fire and burning alivehaving the kids outgrow you and being tossed in the trashwhen he tries to get past security at the NEST base.Sentinel PrimeAnd most subverted.the Autobots show up to save Sam and Team Epps when everyone thought they were dead. Q's just been executed, Bumblebee's next, Sam's helpless 'cause his last grenade just died on him, all is lost... and then ships that Wheelie and Brains have sabotaged begin falling from the sky around them, giving Bumblebee the distraction to fight backafter Prime kills The FallenOptimus PrimeIronhide:The Fallen broadcasted himself and his demands all over the world,Devastator destroyed one of the Great Pyramids has the existence of the 'bots as now-common knowledge, with regular news media broadcasts (albeit about massive destruction) casually using the faction names after Sentinel Prime broadcasts the 'Cons demands to the UN.He shows up in DOTM as the Mercedes Gould gives to Carly.rips Jazz in twoBumblebee does essentially the same thing with Ravage by pulling out his spine by yanking on his tail.The Fallen. Give me your face!Ironhide is disintegrated by Sentinel Prime.A Decepticon pilot is ripped apart by the Wreckers.Starscream gets a grappling hook in one eye, and a spike-bomb jammed in the other. He is left to flail around screaming for several seconds before the bomb goes off.And finally, Megatron has an axe cleaving his face into two and gets his spine wrenched out as his head his pulled off. Optimus hands every Decepticon he encounters their ass on a platter at the last few minutes of the movie.Even the Big Bad the film is named for put up no fight.Optimus completely owned Megatron in less than a minute. No, seriously, Megatron shoots Sentinel Prime in the back in order to attack Optimus, only to have his head ripped out just a few moments later. And Optimus had just lost an arm. Megatron was still severely weakened from the beating he received from Optimus during the end of the last movie.Optimus himself had been curbstomped by Sentinel Prime twice and would have been killed if it wasn't for Megatron. The Fallen has his ass, or rather, his face handed to him with ridiculous ease once Optimus acquires Jetfire's parts. Though then again, he was terrified of Optimus in the first place, so this might be why.Optimus's Last Stand when the Autobots were being forced to leave the EarthOne of the more awesome moments from the start of ROTF is Sideswipe cutting a car in half. Guess what happens when the Decepticons capture Sam and Co.?AliceTrying to kill him later was the perfect end to a perfect day... are being forced to leave EarthOptimus kneeling before Sentinel Prime to offer him the Matrix of Power.Optimus is again kneeling at Sentinel's feet - but this time because he's about to be killed by his former mentor.Starscream.Optimus finally kills Shockwave by ripping his already-hanging-by-wires eye completely out of his head, destroying his head in the process.Sam launches a grappling hook at Starscream, only to have it latch onto his eye. For the rest of the battle, Starscream flails about wildly, screaming "My eye, my eye! I can't see!" Sam finally puts him out of his misery by planting a grenade straight into his OTHER eye.the plot involves plans to turn humans into a slave raceThis is one of the reasons Sentinel Prime hates humanity and is working alongside the Decepticons to enslave them. As a Prime he was a living god on Cybertron. On Earth, he's treated with as much respect as a toaster. Sixth Ranger Traitorthe Transformers are asked to leave NEST, and Megatron kills Optimus, he declares they're not going to hold back anymore. Then Sam's face is flashed on every TV screen in the world, with the Fallen demanding the world hand him over. Oh and Decepticons start making appearances across certain major cities (New York and Paris are shown) as well as sinking an aircraft carrier, just to show that they could. Oh yes, and Sam's parents are captured by them.the revelation of Sentinel Prime's betrayal Earl claims that since he won, he should be the one to distract the Graboid while the others flee, while Val argues that since he lost, he should act as the distraction. at the last Graboid before he kills it by chasing it off a cliff.As it turned out, that graboid did indeed break into the wrong goddamned rec room.Val and Rhonda saying awkward goodbyes to each other and Val driving away, only for his friend Earl to change Val's mind halfway through and turn back for the Girl after all. Cue credits. The test audience however started chanting "Kiss Her!" during the awkward goodbye scene and so a new ending was shot, with a Big Damn Kiss and a Relationship Upgrade while credits start to roll. The original ending can can be seen on the DVD. but the Graboids are one step ahead of them. it burst out of the cliffside and found that it wasn't at the right stage of its life cycle to fly and had actually witnessed his own father's death "Can you fly, sucker? Can you fly?!" Which rather becomes a Brick Joke in the third film. No, it can't, but its ass-blaster parents and children could.finding out that your kid is betrothed to a guy nearly twenty years older without any degree of consent is just... No. And that's ignoring the fact that the kid in question is a BABY The equivalent of the government has deemed your child dangerous and are coming to kill her. People are willing to come and fight in a war for you but they're all going to die because that's just how large the opposing force is as the fight was merely a vision of what would happen if Aro's forces attacked the Cullen family.it turns out to all be a vision Alice was showing Aro of what would happen if his forces attacked them, which would end in his death. When he comes out of it, she tells him he can prevent that future by settling things without fighting. And he does, leading to the actual "diplomatic discussion" ending from the book World War II, where Jacquouille's descendant collaborates with Those Wacky Nazis, while Godefroy's descendant is a resistant, and the 18th century descendant of Eusaebius is now prisoner of the Germans German soldiers "hailing from Germania" Edmond Jacquart (Jacquouille and Jacquouillet's descendant during World War II) looks like his ancestors (and his son) in The Revolution. or World War II. The second sequel ends with our two protagonists stranded in World War II. The film's opening sequence, with Godefroy and Jacquouille leaving a castle and being ambushed by bandits in the woods, is dreamt by one of Godefroy's soldiers in 1124, one year after Godefroy has disappeared. until the end in 1943, when he hears a resistant pronouncing it inside the truck.At the end of The Revolution, the castle is occupied by Germans during World War II. and wound up making giant bees that rampaged all over townonly for there to be a sudden Jump Scare courtesy of a roaring Were Rabbit Wendolene in her poaching sheep to get free yarn. In fact she expresses no suprise as her robot dog is killing sheep en masse to make dog food Fluffles is also implied to have been assisting Piella murder at least a dozen bakers. Both examples are shown to be rather remorseful, however, unwillingly dragged into the act by the much more callous Big Bad, and eventually draw the line after it goes too far. Wendolene: I want no more of this rustling! It wasn't so bad when it was just the wool but, this is evil! Wendolene didn't exactly get away without a punishment if you consider the fact that Preston actually tried to kill her and grind her up into dog food when she finally tried to stop him. Meanwhile Fluffles is abused by Piella in an increasingly unsubtle fashion. Hutchtries to dispose of a bomb by throwing it When you've become a monster, in a Universal Horror movie no less, your chances of living until the end are very slim. Which is why The Hero Dies. Ultraman HikariUltraman Zero, who'd spent several years undergoing Training from Hell at Ultraman Leo's hands.dismembered Ultraman Leoreviving a dismembered Ultraman Leodefeat every Ultraman except ZeroHe later used this on Ultraman Zero, complete with restraining armor. It really paid off because it made Zero strong enough to do battle with the evil Ultraman Belial. it was fool's gold and the assays officer threatened to shoot the next one to bring it. At least Woody had a good laugh by luring Joe into being the next one. And then he promptly walks off, playing his beak like a flute and deflating himself in the process. And then the real deal come along and scares the band away.Subverted, however. this is added in at the last minute by the animator to save the life of an elderly, suicidal Woody WoodpeckerExcept adhesive tape.literally joins the audience that was watching the shortbut Peter chooses not to disclose to Erik that they're relatedhis friendship with Erik is destroyed and he is left paralyzedSenator Kelly at the end of the movie.Major StrykerBolivar Trask(third after Jean accesses her Phoenix Force)Apocalypse traps his foot into the ground and breaks his legwanted to make the Sentinels to create peace, and got it, in the form of the apocalypse. The peace of the grave.Jean GreyCyclopsAngel Dust after she takes advantage of Colossus's modesty to sucker-punch himplanet-wide real life elder brother. They make their final peace after their last duel. It's because she's his daughter. The first movie, The Tale of Zatoichi, ends with Ichi's only friend in town dead at his hand, the opposing mafia slaughtered along with many of the innocents of their half of the village, and Ichi abandons the woman that loves him. Ichi's lost love Otane, who might well have been ready to sell him out for the bounty on him if her husband is to be believed after killing her and dueling Ichi. Takeshi Kitano's Zatoichi isn't actually blind, but chooses to close his eyes as a Self-Imposed Challenge.Or is he? The final line of the film is that he can't even see with his eyes open, having tripped over an small stone. This appears to be some sort of double bluff, and makes sense since he looks like he has cataracts. brother has just died Though at the end it establishes he was just bluffing. It's even indicated Otane was the one who tried to lure him into a trap for a bounty. The only survivors from the island are en route to New York only to learn via radio that the entire city has been taken by an uncontrollable horde of zombies.I've just been informed that zombies have entered the building. They're at the door... they're coming in! YI-YAGH! ROOOWWAARRRRGGHHHHHH! SusanPeter and Ann escape the island after burning the zombies alive. Due to the deaths of all of the other main characters, the film is shaping up for a Bittersweet Ending. Then they turn on the radio, and learn that the US is in the midst of a Zombie Apocalypse.Dr. BoltDr. MenardDr. Menard Brian comes across a zombiefied Susan as the survivors are fleeing the hospital. Considering he saw her get killed by a zombie only a short while ago, and he's spent most of the day killing zombies, you would think he'd realize what's happened and shoot her or at least get the hell away from her. But instead he just stares at her, lets her get close, and then actually seems surprised when she bites him.Susan die? By just standing there for a good minute or so as a zombie slowly crawled out of the ground in front of her. The fight or flight reflex apparently just passed her over. Why it would suck if zombies got anywhere near New York City...and later son-in-law Anti-Climax Boss and the Big Bad of the series, Commander Raymond himself. Even though he was THE main villain of the series and the final opponent Zorro faced, he doesn't really last much longer than most of the other One-Shot villains who fought against Zorro and got cut down. In the final battle of the series, he attacks Zorro but only fares for a few seconds before Zorro kills him for good.It's too good to last, as The Eagle soon arrives...