is not Boris Karloff.the Big Bad is actually the manager of the hotel where the film takes place, not Boris Karloff's character.the mail hook of a train catching him by the neck.a friendly gorilla gives Costello the diamonds and makes him filthy rich, and Abbott ends up working as his elevator operator If you listen to Prometheus, this is because they were designed to be weapons. They can't help killing everything in sight that isn't them, it's what they're for.is a particularly sinister example, since he secretly protects the alien and betrays the other crew members.Newt AKA Billierevealed to be a artificial person with implanted memoriesuntil the Predator Self-Destruct Mechanism kicks in.Newt is the only one to survive the colonists' last stand at LV-426, and is forced to go into hiding and foraging by herself after watching her mother and brother get massacred by the xenomorphs right in front of her.all the Marines are androids.Ripley is carrying a Xenomorph embryo.Analee CallAsh, Bishop and Call because they are all androidshe was basically the creator of the Bible from the first movie.Finchthe aforementioned mother of Steve Stifler near the end when all four of the boys get laid after promSteveFinchStifler's momStiflerFinchGuess how Finch ends up losing his virginity?I stuck a flute in my pussy. I stuck a flute in my pussy."the "lesbians" reveal they aren't lesbians after all, an intrigued Stifler says that he'll do anything to sleep with them, including grabbing other guys' asses and making out with everybodyIt's Jeanine.StiflerFinch.Grandmother Fucker During the reunion, Nadia accidentally walks in on Jim and Michelle having sex in the music room.Jim and Michelle have one in the music room after making up with each other.Some younger guys on the beach steal bikini tops. The gang chases them. Stifler then destroys their jetskis. That adds up to about $25,000 damage.Stifler.finally gets revenge on Finch for sleeping with his mom when he just so happens to meet Finch's attractive mother.No wonder he goes back to Heather.He is finally accepted by the guys as one of their own near the end of the movie when they realize that, even though Stifler is a dick, he's a "fun dick", and "their dick."JessicaHappens when Stifler finally decides he's had enough of his Bad Boss and gives him a brutal "The Reason You Suck" Speech. Doubles as a Crowning Moment of Awesome for Stifler.sheep costume, and proceeds to make him ejaculate, losing the Greek Olympiad.it blew up at the end of Amityville 3-D.blowing itself up.He goes further than any villain previous and burns the village down. Fortunately Caesar rebuilds it out of honor and gratitude.Cacofonix is rewarded for his actions in recalling Asterix, Obelix and Getafix to the village with being allowed to attend the banquet albeit next to Fulliautomatix, who is seemingly warning him not to perform as he might wake Getafix who is sleeping under Cacofonix's usual spot after a rare involvement in battle. This album also reveals that Cacofonix is kept around because he is very useful in sending distress signals whenever the village is in danger and the Druid is not present. This may explain why the villagers are so protective of him.Admiral Crustaciusthe antagonist unambiguously dies the Romans burn the village and nearly send all its inhabitants to the circus, then proceed to get drunk celebrating their victoryIn the Asterix and the Black Gold, Asterix goes on a quest in the Middle East to find rock oil, an important and crucial ingredient for the magic potion. After weeks of travel, he and Obelix finally return with the precious oil, but Roman agent Dubbelosix spilled the oil in the sea and secretly informed Caesar that the village couldn't produce magic potion anymore. Our worried heroes return to the village and are surprised to see the Romans being routed by magic potion powered villagers. Getafix explained that during their quest, he conducted experiments and found that beetroot juice perfectly replaces rock oil. brothersThough he's not so evil in the end. (until the third film)and we later find out that that was the night Dr. Evil and Frau conceived him, Dr. Evil, and Fat Bastard, as well.Alotta Fagina takes Vanessa hostage while Austin almost gets a chance to bring Dr. Evil to justice, who was resigned to capture but undaunted because he believes Austin would be forced to deal with how the 1960's ethos is outdone by the 1990's ethos and that freedom has failed anyway. This gives Dr. Evil a chance to escape despite the failed intervention by Number Two and that Vanessa managed to knock Alotta out and escape with Austin, not to mention Alotta most likely didn't wake up on time to escape.Played straight in the third film, when it's revealed Austin and Dr. Evil are brothers Later it turns out she really is Scott's mom. Austin dancing to Soul Bossa Nova. Vanessa being a Fembot...until he realizes this means he's single again. OH BEHAVE! [cue Soul Boss Nova again!] drive a temporary wedge between Austin and Vanessaof them finding out that they do have something in common - a father - at the end of the moviehis other son, Dr. Evil being caught in the first act, before even getting started on his Evil PlanLuckily for Dr. Evil, Alotta Fagina arrives holding Vanessa hostage. This gives Dr. Evil a change to escape after a failed intervention by Number Two. Vanessa being a fembotGoldmember Mr. Roboto get eaten by sharks. Too bad his dad becomes Good. You both are.Lex Luthor is behind the government turning its back on Gotham City. With no government in the city, Luthor plans on destroying all records of land ownership, to claim the city as his own but fails when Batman stops him (though he is unable to prove to the world what Lex did)the Riddlera resurrected Jason ToddBruce Wayne's childhood friend, Thomas Elliot, who has decided to harbor a deep hatred over Bruce's "gifted childhood" (AKA the dead parents)Jason ToddJason returned from the deadBatman replaced him and didn't kill his "killer"his adopted son and former wardWar Crimes was erased from canon and replaced with a scenario where Thompkins, with Batman's permission, faked Stephanie's death to protect her from further reprisals from Black Mask.Bruce Wayne is dead, and a great void has been created in Gotham City. A war on two fronts has started that the Bat-Family must deal with: the recently escaped Rogues Gallery from Arkham, along with the various gangs and factions trying to claim Gotham as their own; and the appearance of a mysterious masked "Batman", who holds no qualms for murder (eventually revealed to be Jason Todd). After attempting to kill both Tim Drake and Damian Wayne, Jason fights Nightwing, and is defeated. Dick takes over the mantle of the Bat, and Damian becomes the new Robin while Tim heals from his injuriesThe title says it all. Until it happens, we're treated to Bruce Wayne's displaced adventures in time, where he suits up in period-specific Bat-costumes and fights pirates and cavemen and stuff, due to continually being shunted around the timestream. Oh, and Superman says his return will bring about the end of the world...The culmination of the Batman: Reborn storyline. Vicki Vale seeks to reveal the identities of the Bat-Family to the world, but Ra's ah Ghul refuses to let her do so and seeks to kill her. The Bat-Family, the GCPD and the returned Bruce Wayne must protect her and convince her that what she's doing is wrong.the ScarecrowThe Joker'sDeath Of The Family.Penguin finds himself Batman's informant - whether he likes it or not.Somewhat controversial for having the death of Wayne's parents being an assassination of his mother by the same ring, a generation earlier.and furthering his quest to gather the Justice League in The Stinger. and later successor Batman's supposed demise Subverted when he reveals that he really did commit the crime for which he was condemned, just before he finally passes out and dies when the rubble falls on top of him. Coincidentally right when he was scheduled to be put to death. Hush make Batman hallucinate into thinking a Zombie Apocalypse had started, when in fact, the "cure" he tried to trick Batman into using, was actually the real Zombie virus. and only returns to something resembling normality (for Gotham) once Dick accepts that there must be Batman (and he's it). apart from being a Take That at people who wanted a Darker and Edgier BatmanIt turns out to be the wrong half, the real Harvey Dent was the scarred out part of his face, representing his guilt and self-loathing(Most of the time.)/Thomas WayneHush, DeadshotRed Hood II, CatwomanThomas Elliot tried to kill his parents at a young age in order to inherit their riches and because his father was an abusive monster and his mother a simpering money hungry lunatic. He only succeeded in killing his father, and, to avoid suspicion, didn't try again, only truly being orphaned when he smothered his raving senile mother in a fit of anger. This left him with a bitter hatred of Bruce, who tragically lost his parents soon after Tommy tried to kill hishe joins the Riddler (who discovered that Bruce was BatmanTommy The Penguin. In most versions his father dies of bronchial pneumonia, but in Penguin: Pain and Prejudice His father's behavior and commentary eventually pushed him too far, and he murdered Tucker Cobblepot, leaving him alone with his mother. The only one that showed any signs of loving him his heart was broken is not an alias of Ra's al GhulThe JokerBatman fakes his deathBatman gets involved with Talia Al GhulBane and Talia working togetherBatman BeyondA younger man prepped to take Batman's mantle after he resigns towards the end fusion reactors!!a.k.a Henri DucardTalia al Ghulwe barely know that Gordon got shot by Bane's mooks until he's seen still in the hospital weeks later.out of Gotham and presumed dead, although his prospects at the end are considerably betterDr. Varnick's goons flee the dogs, they take cover in a big junkyard, occupied by four big dobermansTedhave Beethoven put downWhile driving Beethoven to be put down, George tells him how he hated his own dad for taking his dog away.Dr. Varnick gets this visited upon him by another dog.he is still bitter because of his father taking his old family dog to the vet to be euthanized, and regrets that he thought he had to do the same to Beethoven (and having the same resentment from his own kids). Thankfully, as soon as he realizes that Dr. Varnick is corrupt, he does everything possible to save Beethovenpumped full of his own chemicalsmauled by Dobermansthey just tried to take shelter in a junkyard...one patrolled by some very vicious DobermansGeorgeabout to be shottricking her to go to the meadow at the top of the cliff by blocking off certain other pathways ChandlerBogomill breaks it up by entering the scene, giving her an opportunity to break free and giving the two cops a clear shot. Nomak's death in Blade II. "Strange. It hurts, it hurts no more."Vanessa dying from her vampire inflicted wound while giving birth to Bladethat his mother is still alive after the vampire in question turned her, and it was actually Deacon Frost, the bad guy he had been pursuing the entire film not really an assassin, but a deep-cover CIA operative posing as one to bring down an assassin becomes a close friend and ally of Bourne's Ward AbbottConklin Marie (a character who survived the entire book series Danny Zorn, Conklin's right-hand man and one of the few surviving Treadstone agents, is murdered by Ward Abbott. Abbott is later exposed as a murderer and traitor and commits suicide.Simon Ross (played by notable actor Paddy Considine) Neal Daniels is set up to be the man who could answer Bourne's questions, but is blown up.Nicky Parsons, after having been in the series since the very first one, Identity, finally bites it.Bourne and Pamela Landywhich gets her killed by the same CIA asset that killed Bourne's father the Asset uses a stolen SWAT vehicle to PLOW through Las Vegas traffic. is averted when Ross deviates from Bourne's instructions and in a panic, rushes into the open, prompting a headshot from an awaiting sniper.but he can't bring himself to kill a father while his kids are watching.meaning if he had killed Wombosi, said children would have been next.Pamela Landy's switch from hunting Bourne to helping him and blowing the whistle on Operation Blackbriar.she blows the whistle on Operation Blackbriar in the latter film.If you were in your office, we'd be having this conversation face to facean experienced soldier who volunteers for a CIA black ops job Bourne's unofficial first mission consisted in the assassination of a progressive Russian politician. This makes her a subject to a criminal investigation in Legacy, because, after all, those documents are classified.Nicky ParsonsMarie gets shot while driving, taking their jeep off the bridge to the water belowhe falls into the water after apparently being shot, mirroring his first appearance. ol' Bugsy is the driving forced behind the events of it.George Washington Bunny